Ester
Type: Psychic
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 32 kg
Height: 145 cm
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything. Red Hair, amber eyes, An expression on her face that is both cynical and 'done with life', but also hopeful
Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. Likes to come outside just to judge people.
She currently claims to, allegedly, have, before, prefered to "be a sneaky stupid rat with no guts or soul who manipulates people" and that people who do that make her cringe and now she prefers to "Adult and put cringy manipulative people in their place for not adulting like normal, real, people" (its her mask).
She has one melee weapon she likes to carry around: A trusty frying pan. She got the pan from her sociopathic psychiatrist (also on a similar redemption path) Deolinda, who told her: "Look, sweetie: if there is any time you simply cannot help but be violent, instead of blasting them into oblivion use this. I made it for you. Ive been learning engraving in my free time. its a frying pan. Its old. My grandma gave it to me when I was 24. It is rusty, dusty and grimey, but you can clean it with your chemical knowledge if you want to. Anyway... if you genuenly feel like any enemies or even... any friends are being "too cringe" or are in urgent need of "Adulting", you can use it. It has "Adulting Pan" engraved into the handle... so that you really feel the responsibility coarse through your bones as you smack them across the back of the head. Take it.". Ester chose to clean it because "hey! free frying pan", but kept the engraving obviosuly.
When faced in urgent altercations, conflicts or in self defense, she uses it as a first blood /strike kind of weapon, or as an unexpected wild card, because it gets deformed, from the extensive use it has, as it is constantly getting deformed and battered into shape by someone who is physically stronger than her after the slam. In casual banter, she also pulls it out to put cringy, annoying or stupid people in their place, wrecking havoc upon "spineless people" who "get on her nerves".


Ester is a 19 year old female. Her small body looks somewhat thin and a bit frail. Has dark circles under eyes.
Her somewhat sizeable eyes are green. Her hair is curly and red, with some blonde strands. Wears large, thin ring shaped earrings. Has a face that by default tells the world: "Go away.... eyesores...". Wears big, wool, winter sweaters. So young... so tragically young...



Ester|21F|32kg|1.5m|Diagnosed w/ NPD & AS-PD @ 5y. Long red hair. Amber eyes. Frail, tiny body due 2 a lyftime using Ultra calory-greedy psych powers, mostly 2 wreck & ctrl in brutal, cruel, ways. But @ 17, 2 peers jumped her, causing long term, erratic identity shifts, "fixing" her empathy, spawning crippling morbid guilt, & brain dmg dat rekt her ego. Distant, voidy, tepid look. In2 bashing "cringe manipprs" w/ "Adulting Pan (TM)". Powers allow: to manip fluids & human hormonz, wryt & read verbal memoriz & thoughts, liquify brains & make mighty air spears, blasts, etc Survivor trickster. Sly cheater. 167IQ. Shelly. "Sorta in2" hugs. C.S. UG @ NOVA FCT, PT. Works out 2 bulk up. Unable 2. Insecure w/ body (piano ribs).


32kg|1.5m|NPD|Sociopathy|Long red hair|Amber eyes|Frail&Tiny body due 2 very draining psych powers|Insecure @ it (ribs)|At 17, 2 peers jumped her, causing long term, erratic identity shifts; "fixing" her empathy, sprouting suicidal guilt.... brain dmg rekt her ego|Distant, voidy, tepid look|In2 bash'n "cringe manipprs" w/ "Adulting Pan". Able 2 manip fluids & human hormonz, mess w/ the verbal mind, meld brains, make various comp. air attacks|167IQ|Mega Shelly|Sorta in2 hugs|Wants 2 bulk up|Cant.


*Moment of Ester*

*In the middle of a 2 person convo where Ester just mentioned she goes to the gym often*

Person: Really? It does not look like it... If I saw you and spoke to you for a few seconds I would have gotten the impression you dont really care about sports... or that you play chess and like to just pull strings around... Youre not even that fa-

Ester: Be quiet. Be quiet, ok? *sigh...* want me to show you something? Touch my arm. Come on. No strings attached... Im not gonna hurt you ok? *speaks in a calm, eeriely soothing voice... I swear she could not look more suspiscious than this*

Person: *nervous* Oh....ok then... *starts touching Esters pettite arm. Its... hard like nails* wow... what is this?

Ester: *Holding back a primal scream... speaking in a tepid, soothing tone with an empty expression* See? I do go. I do have muscle... wanna know more? They havent grown in a whole year... and ive been brainstorming, researching and taking advice on how to get bigger since I started. Then... I decided to ask my nutricionist: "What is happening? Why am I not growing anymore?"
They replied: "Honestly... I am just as surprised as you are... we have no idea..."
I said: "Nutricionist? What if I took....steroids? like....tons of them? *suddently screams* TO MAKE MY DEMONS GO AWAY! *returns to previous tone* what about that?"

They said: "I personally would not,Ms Ester. Id also be thankful. Your skeleton is very frail *Ester represses an offended grunt* and... if your muscles grow any bigger, they could... snap every bone in your body. *Ester... goes pale...*"

Ester: And thats basically it, Tomoko... *Sits on the ground... rather abruptly... with a sigh... starts looking down, clenching fists... shaking with anger... yet maintains composure otherwise* M- My m- muscles... d- dont grow... other wise I can die... I can die tomoko... and there is no d- drug... that can s- save me...


*author notes*

Ester is basically R-rated Taiga Aisaka from the Toradora anime show

Both are smol... but... whereas Taiga has 'smol boobies', Ester has 'xylophone ribs'

Also... recently... shes been having occasionall episodes of HEAVY porn usage

Diary of an abandoned city in delirium
This is a reminder to when I forget:
Dont be afraid to be real.

Futiliy precedes purpose.
Ignorance precedes knowledge.
Weak precedes strong.
Turn 'em around. It still makes sense.

Dont be afraid to question. And to accept. And to make yourself big, so people can see where it hurts. And to make yourself small, so smaller people can devour you.

Filipa, whenever we see each other again, I want to tell you that people dont just fear arrogance, they loathe it. Its the favourite place losers like to hang out at. And its also not because you are the arrogant one. And remember, Ive been watching you all along, and I feel a mix of hatred, regret, fascination and confusion. I am reminding you of what Adriano told you: Enemies are not the ones that hurt you in broad daylight. Its the ones that seduce you. You found that out too late when we met each other, did you not? You werent simple, or dumb. You were the wisest person Ive ever known and I still long for the day I can meet someone like you again. Yes, even monsters like me feel nostalgia. I dont blame you for rejecting my attempts at reaching you telepathically.  why are you not doing it? Are you stupid? Its pretty weird, if you dont trust me. Or... do you also miss me like I miss you?


All I have. All I have as a friend is a pest named Isa in my life. She is so cringe. She just does so many horrible things to people, and I am happy for it: my brain damage induced consciousness, although I also got psychosis on the hand of cards I got that day, is working. Something in me functions propelly. That makes me... happy.
I can tell her that what she is doing is wrong. Like a normal person. As she works in a microbiology lab, and is a Loose cannon narcissist, she puts literal plagues in my food and I dont want to even imagine what would happen if I did not see it comming. Im thankful im still somewhat sharp. She is even after Adriano. Why? Ugh... so cringe... The poor guy doesnt even stand a chance. Let me call her up to remind her: "I dont fucking know what you are doing right now, did not look at your working memory yet, but if you are plotting against Adriano, He does not stand a chance, not because you are better or whatever excuses you lile to tell yourself, but because you are cringe and the only person, even in your loser group friend of entitled idiots, that actually cares about pathetic things like dominance. Please stop being a myeloma. Hugs and kisses. Goodbye." My psychiatrist Deolinda tells me not to lash out like a loser, but she is just.... so... UUGGHHH!!!!



Ok this is me right? Ok. Isa is such a paaaaaaaaaaain... I get so full of her sometimes... but her friends uuuggghhhh... dont even let me get started on her friends. 99% of her female friends ALL speak like this: "Yas slay queen yas dump shitnerd gotta slay for that big juicy  d and that 6 pack like omg like lets go mall prowl shopping for cool guys pink stilletos lipgloss yas ladies! We gotta hunt to increase our value ladies! lets hit the gymnasium and show them our level 30 gyatts #dragonfliesyasslayqueen!" They all just sound like they huffed gaseous nuclear waste and their brains have 2kg tumors in 20 different locations! I used to be like this... its kinda nostalgic... its like looking at old people use technology... when you are a 15 year old 4 chan user. The pity, disgust and cringe I feel when I look at them makes me want to drug myself until my meat becomes nice and tender, throw myself into a jaguar cage, it refuses from the bad smell of my existence, The jaguar takes me to a crocodile, and those things are basically dumpsters, and its like "nope. this is the recycling facility, we cant ressuscitate dead cockroaches...."  The jaguar throws me into the sea, I survive and end up living as a soul surrounded by a corpse surrounded by a dead body.



Filipa never... never uses her powers. But she called me to say this: "Hey! How was that soul cleansing experience like, for the 5 seconds it lasted?" Hey I dont like your tone, I dont know what you even want now, Nor how you can forgive me, and I dont say this in a condescending entitled tone its just... like... if I am that bad for you  could you just not leave me alone and move on? Its not like I even go after you anymore. And its lasted way more than 5 seconds by now and I feel grateful for that everyd- "Ok seeya then and fuck you, bitch princess!" Ok then fuck you, old friend.


*So listen up you dead brained cave monkeys! I am your good ol princess, emperess, leader Ester! I am cute, i am original and I am genius embodied! I can antecipate any bullshit, so dont try to run! And... dont ask me how but I also know exactly what you are thinking! I am a true empath! I will get up in the morning, boot up a pirated provider of netflix. Then I will ask you, you giant monkeys, to do my entire bidding! You are bound by my words and my most whimsical wishes! You are slow and pathetic! I am ALL THAT I AM FUCKING GORGEOUS! IS THAT CLEAR? YOU COME TO MY ROOM AND YOU WILL DO MY CLEANING, MASSAGE ME, DO MY BORING HOMEWORK AND LAUGHT AT YOUR INCOMPETENCE AND ANGUISHED MAGGOT STRUGGLES WHILE I WATCH NETFLIX UNTIL I AM BORED, INSULT YOU UNTIL I RUN OUT OF IDEAS AND REPEAT! I AM YOUR LITTLE PEST! But I am also irresistble... you know you cant say no to this face... now can you? Im such an irresistible and unnapolagetic princess with pretty priveledge and Dubai personality... but its just dumb to try and escape. You will try just to get shut down, personally beatup by me as I laugh hysterical from the sadistic pleasure I get from doing it! If you spill blood before you start crying I get 5 points. If you do that and you are a darkie you get none because thats fucking expected. If you are asian, you get 10 because you are pathetic whimps!Then you will swallow down a bit more of your will to live. Just to go buy me my favourite brands of make up with your money! Just to resume working for me like the good people you are!* AHHHHH!!!!!! That was some dream!.. damn... I feel... exausted... Ok... where are the strong pills, now?...

"Melding with the earth.

Wanna go to the forest, lay on the ground with your body spread out, and wait motionlessly, while moths and locusts feed on your skin, blood, sweat and tears, while you look up at the nightsky... emotionless, as you slowly meld with the earth?

they will not eat me. I have too much meat on me they will get full.



think... about the peace... of letting the moths... the harmless moths sip on your tears... you look at them, the look at you, take their share... and leave. another one comes... and then it repeats... for all eternity.  You lay there... your clothes getting consumed by the butterflies... your blood sucked by small mosquitoes... the grass on your body, as it slowly becomes limp... as you give up. You worked too hard... now... you rest.

I played a song every time I visited. I was supposed to be validation. To confirm your biases. To make catharsis quicker... like therapy. It was Dehydrate, by Yakui the Maid. It was a synth rock hybrid thing. It was a whole  and exact 8 minutes long. The sounds... filled with slow stumbling  coord sequences, full of melancholy. melancholy that almost turn to nihilism... it felt almost empty... but not quite... dehydrate but not... dehydrate....ed. Like... a river... a river full of water that was dirty, white like the liquid they were injecting you to keep you nourished, smelly, stale, thick... worn down... warm... partially dried up... bubbly from pollution... all in a heat wave sunny day, in india. The feeling of rotting in a hospital bed, the feeling of having insects crawl at you but not bothering... letting yourself being digested by the earth, returning to where you belong... the earth... looking up at the night sky, full of stars, surrounded by a temperate forest, in Leiria, Portugal, full of tall, thin trees... we can see a path. there are cycadas, moths... they all land on you... take a sip from your tears and sweat... and leave. You lay there... letting the absurdity of existence take over... as you meld with the blue planet, like human mould
Ive listened to it... just laying in bed... no music... no clothes... no blankets in a summer heat wave afternoon... shutters and doors and windows locked... like a piece of meat contained in a wooden box... staling away through life... waiting until it completly melds with the earth

"

I wanna be like a sack of raw meat, inside a wet, humid box... that has wide gaps... and me, the meat, leaks everywhere. wet, bloody, hunk of meat. made of fat and bones and jello and water and acid.


Ive come so far... Ive faced so much agony... Is this the end? Am I doomed? Should I ask for euthanasia? I dont care if no one gets it! I get it! There is no hope for me! I am a hideous, broken monster! I may control, but I never created anything... I deserve death "Shut up right now!" FILIPA?! "Yes! Its me! I just pulled up and Im ready to own all these noobs right now! IM GONNA OUTSHINE THIS ENTIRE GALAXY! Just what do you think you are doing? Dont you have any genuine pride? Are you not the main character?! You just make me SICK with how little you are trying!" WHAT DID YOU SAY?! "YEAH! THATS RIGHT! WITH ALL THAT CYNICAL GROANING AND TOUGH COOKIE ACT! You are just so hopelessly lame!" GRRRR!!! YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME, YOU.... YOU!...."CUT IT OUT! You are better than this! You may have been a sociopath, and you have only just begun to see the damage you can make with your own eyes thanks to the result of a punishment from the universe! BUT YOU HAVE ARMS AND LEGS AND MUSCLES! AND A KICKASS BRAIN! AND a hard hitting earth shattering raging spirit. I used to hate you, then I felt pity. Now you make me sooo angry! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, WILL YA???!!!!!" Filipa!..."I may not ever be able to forgive you, but... I wont let you abandon yourself! I hate you, but Im not indifferent to what youve been through and never said that you dont deserve to walk along with the rest of humans on this earth full of fun and emotion! I would be disappointed in you, although not shocked, if you actually ended uo thinking that. Thats why Ive been watching you!" D... dont you need to know where ... I am to..." Ester dont pretend that you understand everything! People barely know psychic powers exist! I just know I can talk to you and that I am doing it right now! and then I just do it by simply believing! Do the same! Not everything makes sense! Thats the reality! Believe!" ....... Thanks Filipa. " You are welcome, bitch princess! Now... go kick some butt in life! THOSE SCARS ARE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE WHO TRULLY KNOW HOW TO LIVE! CMON ESTER! IMMA GO NOW! KICK THAT MONSTERS BUTT! MAKE IT YOUR MAID!"

I am not a manipulator. I am a predator.

Intelligence may seem overrated at first glance. It allways seems to get so much unreasonable praise. But many times people will riddicule and judge even the most common sense tactical decisions made by others during tasks, labeling it as "cheating", "cowardice" and even "incompetence" we all still fear our rational side, deep down.

*in bed* *Ester is having a nightmare. ghosts from her past actions still haunt her. this is what she sees and hears: "what I like to do is find someone maleable. After I find someone squishy enough, I will begin to praise them and seduce them until they fall for me! :) Then, for phase number 2, I will eventually rot away a passage in their brains by giving them mixed signals here and there and by threatning to leave them all alone. Then, I smoothly and gradually get under their skin and find out who they really are. After that, Im already inside them. Interesting place. Not gonna stay for long though. As I take in the view, I will start pressing random buttons! See what happens! Ohh... that red bright scary light is on! I will do this for a while until I get bored. Then I will ask them for favors (you will do it for me, wont you?). Then, after I hijack their minds, they will finally be acceptible to be with me. Then, they will join my horde of slaves to do my whimsical bidding for me. And thats it! Thats how you domesticate your significant other! All they are now is a rotten, broken, messy, grey, confused hunk of meat that is both obedient and proactive! For me! For more tutorials subscribe and turn on the notifications!"*


Ok: People asked me: If I played soccer, like Filipa, what would be my goal celebration? I think it would be: "I roll my eyes... wherever I am on the pitch... take off my hair bands... loosen it up... wave it while leaning my head back... feel it... and then put the rubber bands back on... like getting ready for work in the morning then... sigh..."


When it all seems to get too fluffy... and you call for adulting... "The queen of ego" will pick up the phone

Type: Musical Single.
Title: Prototype. (Yakui the Maid vocal cover)
Genre: Maidcore.
Author: David, Sofia, Ester.
Vibe:  What... does it mean? What... does it mean... to thrive? What does it mean? Me... encaged inside this slave camp... of other peoples values... of validation... of reading emotions and paying attention to body movements. Always on my toes... always struggling for others' sakes. A dent in my soul... another prize. A dent in my soul... another praise. A dent in my soul... another day looking for cement... cement for the emptiness. Cement that fills the cracks... but does not mix or mash. Ive been looking everywhere for a solution but always came back empty handed. The people around me adulting, the people around me thinking, the people around me organizing, finding happyness with a significant other, within themselves. Happyness... looks so real... looking from the outside. It seems... so alluring. it seems... so necessary. Such an efficient solution so people can stop worrying. A way to make them stop asking so many questions about "How do you feel?" "Me? proud! All my achievments and habits are improving, im maturing... I feel proud! And Like I am growing! I am improving! Always! I am improving! I got mentors like this ultra insightful, really humanizing, really empathetic and mega insightful, ultra realistic and grounded to earth doctor that keeps me inline! Keeps me fed with the best advice! tracks my progress! Checks up on me! And I obey! I go to the gym Immediatly after he tells me! He was also the same! He was also depressed and hollow! He can save me! His vision of me will save me! I will get there and.... uhhh... I will ok... wait... I will get there... and... AH that does not matter! All I need is to improve and get better! I dont need to know what comes after!", everyone will stop trying to help me and will leave me alone forever... everyone will start hopefully ignoring me again... I will become invisible again... soo confy... invisible... here... in my corner... just mourning my bad feelings... just... musing about my future... of what will or not be of me... of projecting how my soul will be in the future... of how my understanding of the world will shift... or... not! Just... stop thinking... be confused... be confortable with lack of clarity... just... sit in this bench... in a public space... not doing anything... not resiting at all... just... bridging the subconscious and the super ego... the trade... of a lifetime. Allowing myself to be bias- NO! Thats not it! lIkE jUsT tHiNk aBoUt It! DoNT bE coNFuSeD! ReAlIzE! rEALiZe! Think clearly! Dont be biased like a stupid idiot! Everyone will laugh at your biasednessness! Everyone will think your not critically enough of an endless stream of emotional pornography that just goes around spouting so much of their soul poured... into the earth... surely this will all turn profit... someday... Just go forward and never stop and insert and integrate your shadow! Make it all conscious! make it all... soo much more... safe. and... confortable to touch. So much less... disgusting. So... orderly. All you need is reason. Adult! Face adult adversities! So then... what about... why not... ok when can I stop... improving? When I become happy... what comes after? is that the whole point? Do I just need to become strong and then life will peak? Will it all just... peak and never improve? Is it all that there is to it? Smarter? harder? Wiser? Happier? Is that it? No! I refuse! ok? I refuse to be a coward that hides the self behind a layer of control! I am David! And Ester! And Sofia! And I will not invalidate no longer! I wont bother! I was never meant to exert or control... life forms stressing about ceasing... life forms wary of no longer... knowing. We dont fear death. We fear... the unknown. So we adult, we outsource our values! Ester: "And our logic!" So now we walk as empty husks! Empty because we never went after what we want! We never figured out how to live on our own! Animals forever in captivity! Restrained by the most ethereal rules of society! Me... a Pragmatic Perserveering Prototype. Always improving... Thats the reality. The concrete truth is... to reach connection... there is no deserve... no finish line! no goal and no deadlines! Ive never changed! I never stopped feeling this! This is the emptyness that will stay until I stop waiting! Because... I am... a prototype. I tweak and tune myself up. Always looking for the best parts... and... thats okay! Its also okay to feel confused! Its always okay to seek feedback! its always ok to not know what you want! because my being is always out of balance... balance not an achievment. Its... art. Im a mechanical starfish. A machine with a beating engine, flowing fuel and gelatinous electronics. Sparking metabolism. There is no integral state to balance. It has no shape. It has no definition. Because its a process. Its dynamic equilibrium. Its an endlessly singing chrorus of beliefs... a schizophrenic cacofony of insights pushing and pulling... you casting huge nets to collect them and mash them together... to form an image... that will someday... encapsulate... who you trully are. Like tweaking an engine... I mess with fuel flow - intensity, I mess with discipline - anti roll bars, I mess with turbo boost - restraint. I tweak each and every single part of my body... and in the end... what I look like... from the outside... is a cobbled mess... which is innevitable because, in the end... balance is such a rare thing... it will always look unusual. So... after the naysayers meet me, once again, on the day of the game, after mocking me and pointing out how much of a mess I am... I turn back and look up at them in the stands... Lay on the grass of the pitch of life... and spread my limbs out... with my shirt off... all my muscles... in their current, so evident state of something in development... development that was not gonna conclude with something as trivial as a game... I want them to see... each muscle pulsing... each tweak... a lifetime of increasing efficiency... 1 percent at a time... in some areas... 2 percent less at a time... in others... each fiber having a special place in my heart... each drop of blood carrying a different facet of me... a faced I must optimize... But I must remember: I can always choose to be a P.P.P. - Perserveering, Pragmatic Prototype, a Mechanical Starfish. A sore athlete... a confused mathematician... a numb poet. Forever a raw, messy mashup of spare, polished junkyard parts. 


I shall embrace the voices of the void. The void that will never ever fill up. Fulfillment a temporary illusion. An excuse the judgemental use to label human confusion. "Are you confused? Do you doubt yourself?" You lack purpose! Im gonna tell you: There. Is. No. Purpose. There is just life. And connection. Sex. Creativity. Intimacy. And... fun.

Trans people are true warriors. Angsty teens are true warriors. Beta males. Chad males. Anything on those labels unites under a single banner: Perserveering, Pragmatic, Prototype. Some seek optimization in intimacy. Some optimize identity. Some optimize ambition. Some optimize wisdom. 

We are all prototypes. Consume the present. Face the future. Adapt. Connect. Enjoy.


You know what? After so much time... Ive realized: I dont need... to be physically strong. Ive been so stuck under a rock and pushing relentlessly and... Im already in a football team with Filipa, the Tomoko girl and Mafalda as a manager... I found an identity too! I am basically the reliable, ambitious and aloof tactical genius people go to for direct insight... while they go for Filipa for understanding insight. I get to manage and direct my team to victory! Sure... its not... as different... as unboxing as being able to trully free myself from all control possible... but... Ive been so fixated on improving... that I never questioned if I even had to... Sorry, Deolinda. I dont need you anymore. I think... I have inserted. I am Ester Glacier. I am the pathforging activist. Ill still go to the gym, though... the guys there are so cute, supportive and funny...

Psychic Powers Inner workings:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level.

Notes:

For pressurized fluid based attacks, like the compressed balls and air spears and blades,  Some focus is needed to maintain the shape of the 'projectile', as its just made of air, after all and it will just dissipate or even expand violently (can even be detonation). So... as an example, imagine some psychic launches an airball, and generating the airball required X energy. Depending on the pressure and size of the ball, it will require the owner some timed energy consumption, (which is not very tiring, but still counts) to guide and maintain the shape. Then, the psychic would also have to release the compression as abruptly as much as the impact they desire is high. So psychic blasts are essentially air powered and guided remote detonation missiles and air spears are air hammers... air blasts are a bit harder, if the user is spamming lots of small ones in a fast paced altercation, they would have to release, and compress, and guide over, and over, and over again, So they avoid it. Air spears are the same, except the psychic needs to be more premeditated in their attack, as gathering and compressing the air to the correct shape requires more focus. andf they cannot let go of that focus while they swing or throw, until the required target is damaged/pierced. They have to be careful about where to release the pressure of the shape they created.


Also....flight requires getting the gist of how to balance oneself in the air, and one tends to fall alot while improving.


"Waaaaahhh..
 Gotta go buy suppressants but bed feels too good and cozy"
