Hello. I have a little expose to make. Its me, Adriano Valente. Yes, me again. Nuanced Yapping about life and s***. Bad habits. Habits in general. We all have them. I have them. The body builders have them. The pro athletes watch them with hawk eyes. The responsible model students typically dread and repress them. You probably have some tense relationship with them too. But... what is a bad habit has little to do with the external appearance of it. It has more to do with the emotions at play. For example: People may be fat and even enjoy eating, yet that does not bring them suffering... because they can control themselves... they go after the food, though in high ammounts, but are not running away from anything. Another example: People who are obcessed with some grind only they understand the importance of. For example: I analyze people, I enjoy being good at explaining. People tell me: "Dont worry! I understand!" I say: "No. I want to explain better. Its a little something I like to do." You should assert your own little ambitions, so people let you challenge yourself. Body builders and muscle memory, Footballing minds. A college students emotional control. A doctors body to carry patients. Masturbation. Reflexive, Mindful... The thing is that some people dont have any kind of unhealthy relation with something that usually viewed as a bad habit. There are people that pleasure themselves through story writting and others, well, do it... with low, warm lighting, with tissues and everything ready, open about it with the people they love with... overall they integrate it smoothly into their lives. And then there are people who masturbate, obviously, to run away from something. When engaging in a habit and, due to common, social knowledge, start doubting yourself, ask: Are you after something? Or running away from something? Could you be doing something else? Something better for you? For others? More meaningful for you and others?


I am 22 years old. No. I am studying computer science. I have: Alone hobbies: programming, writting, occasionally drawing, occasionally learning about something, looking up stuff on the internet, videogames (mainly racing. Like to make modes for them) Social hobbies: trying to empathise with outcasts, trying to empathise with common people, vibing (Walking around and apreciating stuff and analyzing it in a fair way that is both smooth and correct. Also poking fun, in a neutral way, at stuff happening around me. Channel that into writting later), studying myself. I like to ask people for help in getting my stuff in order...