Hello. Its me. Adriano, Again, talking about life.

In highschool, I met an ENTP friend. And we went through very different paths: When we both entered 10th grade, we competed with eachother. We both tried to hide it but we hated it. The clashing... we were both insecure. But we ended up following different paths: His more healthy, but debatably less rewarding than mine. He expanded even more on his chaos, while I strived to be orderly and organized... to get rid of the feeling that I would always feel like a mess. I tried, I cried, I begged and I prayed. When I got there, It felt rewarding... but people began expecting things from me. It was not sustainable. And the untidyness... I was afraid of letting it show. I was afraid of the missed homework eating my dreams. Highschool felt... incredibly painful. The pure innadequacy, the chaos... feeling cast aside. Being ridiculed for my lack of logical reasoning... being reduced to a judgy loser. A crappy adult. Thats how I felt. My hobbies... mere toys. My creations... entertaining playthings... never important. Never trully filling up the emptiness of my sense of powerlessness. Missing deadlines like the cues people gave me, I felt... Wrong... just... intrinsically wrong. The tidy girls... they... looked so... powerful. I could not approach them. I wanted to get close to them. We were never rivals. because I could not commit. I just played, and explored my intellectual stuff. I never did it in an authentic way... because there was something holding me back. So... every morning... I arrived at school... after one more sleepless night, I went to the usual bench next to class... and looked at the pretty girls, their identities so strong... everyone has so many opinions... everyone on par with whats happening... everyone on par with "the future" and politics and "adult things". With sports, with academics, with careers... people planning ahead from the moment they step in. Me playing in my bedroom, crafting stories and expressing rage fantasies alone using my creativity. So... refusing to let myself down, although I regreted every step by doing so, I decided to mash down the pedal of my hobbies. I explored, I shared... with my friends. My dumb, stale jokes I got off youtube videos... during class... everyone sighing at my idiocy... My times watching leafyishere, the cynnicism, the staleness, the hopelessness... the presentations I was working on, the math I was not practicing... It was all too heavy on me... Highschool is a deeply cruel experience for the human soul. Because... we are all chaotic, clueless, rash, needy and extremely judgemental. Yet... the tidy girls... and the ENTP friend... got along. Outside the circle... they always laughed... the ENTP friend decided to follow the same path I was on from the very beginning. But stuff happened... and... in one day, done with all the innadequacy, After experiencing the world a whole lot, I decided... to bite down the mouthpiece and grind. I quickly began being praise for my insights, my unexpected brilliance being an inspiration. I began hanging out with the spiritually aware, tidy and organised tidy girls... along with the ENTP friend... Also... my hobby of plopping together malicious scripts I found on the internet to try to make a virus... having to learn some programming tricks and reasoning to make sense of something I quite literally jumped into without any fear, considering what it was... my experience exploring different car models... sharing my automotive knowledge with friends... the tidy girls... one of them was an ESFJ... she kept shutting me down... calling me dumb for liking gasoline cars... In my insecure pit of absurdity, I took that as being called a judgemental, right wing loser... "They dont know what feeling bad is like! They have no idea!" I loathed that ESFJ... Im sorry... but I really did. Anyways.... in that time where I was growing... I began being apreciated by that same ESFJ. "What? Now you are all fluttery and cutery? get on my level! Leave me alone you moth!" I shut her down... in thought....


Ok this is a ramble... but... overall... Highschool is a clashing of identities, its deeply invalidating, yet also a deeply nurturing experience... or... I just have survivorship bias... who knows...


And like... I can conform... pretty easly. IN highschool... I never felt an outcast... because I was weird... I felt an outcast... because I could not do shit in time. Dont get me wrong... social rejection sucks in any plane of existence... but what.... TRULLY caused me pain... was feeling like I was a mess that could just indulge indefinitely if unchecked.
