Well... the most impactful one is... how school would have to be so I could be 100% commited. And its so radical I dont believe its possible. And it also assumes people are like me. Thats why I never shared it. But as I was prompted... I will state it: So first of all: No lectures. No sitting in one space for any ammount of time. There are desks, computers and writing tools that students can either bring or carry with themselves. They have the choice to engage in all the activities School usually allows: PE, Biology, Physics, etc. And students can freely switch or stay as they please. They dont need to restrict their social circle to one class and then go around asking mentors for advice when it comes to what they are curious about. Students are not graded. They are individually profiled and screened... with regular appointments with counselors and nurses. For example: The cheerleaders can be talk show hosts... the troublemakers dont have to be that way because no one is trying to keep them unwillingly compressed. But... if they dont want education, period, and resists everything... well... I guess we cant doo much. Then the nerds can get advice from specialists, the nature science people can get guidance from zoologists and pharmacists, the emos can be poets and the bullies can get counseling, vocational screening or temporarly find outlets for their deep seeted trauma or inherent issues that can turn out to be talents. For example: Did you know narcissists can be highly artistically proficient? And at the end of some time "A year...2 years... etc.", Students are separated into ever more specialized categores... each category pre defined and the burden on evaluators is pidgeon holing them as accurately as possible. And then... at the end, they can get a degree. 

BUUUUUUUT... there are people who would hate it! Know the perfect students in our class?

Yes! for them! it works well for them! So then tell me Mr robbins... how many frameworks would we have to make? How do we decide how many and what they should be? Should it all be a sorta man-to-man tutoring approach? What if there are too many kids... I then utter in portuguese 'Ah pois!...'

It meant: "You see?" Its a rethorical thing where I am implying: No... its not possible... it would be total chaos.

People would essentially go around to some tutors spread around the premisses, who can take breaks at any time, so kids learn patience and opportunity, and who would have labels on their shirts or whatever... or an attire with matching... No! They would have to have, both a vibe fitting attire for their specialty (If they are passionate... they will very likely be willing to wear it) And also a label. Because there are vibe oriented students who collect information based on atmospheres. (Emos are an example... also some nerds) And some are sensorial based. (Sporty kids have kynestetically aware and some aspiring metereologists and detectives are also sensorially based.). And kids would have to be mindfull of what they would ask the person with the specialty. The tutor would have to guide the child if they cant help them, so they can learn boundaries by imitation. And... yeah cafeteria will still be crap because people should be grateful they even get food for 2 bucks a day at all. That part works well.



But... this is for me. The perfect girl is lucky... the emo is rather... how are you in this system, new girl?

No! Im asking the girl that was... there she is... hey!

How do you handle school? Are you ok? Or is the problem mainly just unnarticulable melancholy?

Hmmmm too much logic?

See? It does not work for them... And Mr Robbins! Not everyone has the architecture to do well in my overly individualistic system. Some people just like following principles

Yeah... I know you are just a teacher... life is hard... thats all we can conclude... right, emo girl?

Dr K... Healthy Gamer Gg
Ew... disgoosting. Ive already outgrown him. I mean... not him. Hes a true yapper (Intellectual equivalent of 'baller')....its the audience... his sub reddit is filled with so much ignorance. i post my writing there and they delete ir because "We caNt HElP yOu WiTh ThAt! ITs nOt AsKinG FoR aDvIcE!" Like FUCK OFF! GET SOME ACTUAL ADVERSITY!


My frozen star is a world that can account for mind diversity in the best way possible. 

People think differently... and have different needs. Wanna know what I think school would need to be like to fit me?

This! But....for everyone! I want society to account for the brains of everyone!

I dont know! But yet I push