I found something: I was browsing reddit, more specifically r/sillyboyclub and found a post where someone got called mentally ill for wearing pink as a male. Someone replied that who insulted the poster has no life. And it felt incredibly accurate. It resonated with me. All the times I thought of "shitnerds", all the petty taunting I usually do, All the unecessary anger... I think I might just have no life! But... that assumes that how much of a life people have is something measurable. Or that there is a general consensus of what someone has to do to "have a life". I kept thinking about this and reached a conclusion: Everytime I do this, Its because I am bored! But I think I had realised this before. It just feels way more clear, detached and actionable now. It does not feel like self blame. I... accepted it. So I think I can use the no life terminology when talking about this issue now. It does not feel like an insult anymore. Its succinct. And I think I love programming because when I am doing it I feel like I have a life.








But I should try not to identify with it. Which is hard because there is alot of stigma around this specific issue and its also very personal to me. I should bring these things out, but not keep them in. I should spend the next few days just going about my day normally, making some pauses to take a step back and acknowledge it a little bit. And remember that, first: Realizing these things by itself is hard. Second: "Being excessively bored/having "no life"/being resentful about my situation" is not a personality trait. Third: although it feels hard to swallow, in the end, I already managed to have some very cool moments while this was still buried. Nothing around me really changed. Im the same as I was before, but wiser and with more potential to unlock







I have been following a tutorial on youtube about dynamic programming problems solved in java. I like it. It starts with basic examples, it does its best at presenting us with the essential nuances of the most common strategies and the teacher is good at giving examples and helping us visualize stuff. The first ones were pretty chill, I managed to solve the first hard one while feeling it had the perfect difficulty. But then, I struggled with one base case on the second which was really frustrating me. So I gave in and checked the teachers solution. I still did not quite get it. Which made me upset. I stopped and tried to figure out why I was upset. I found out that maybe it was because I was expecting myself to be able to solve everything first try first sitting, as I secretly believieved that I could do it in general too. That belief was making me rigid and I was able to throw it away by using some self love the following way: "well... you think you are not important? You dont wanna "copy him" because you think that it would make you unnimportant? And that all other things you achieved are not important too? Well... if after all the other things you achieved (many alone) do not make you any more "important", you might as well ignore those thoughts because they come purely from internalised innadequacy, spawning unnwanted futures and you should just throw it away because its just holding you back". Overall, I was able to do some progress in my little session, with some success and some failure and was able to overcome some frustration in the process.

I see another possible method to solve it with self love: I could have seen it this way: This was one problem. One problem. Not the whole subject. If I was gonna feel discouraged because I got stuck in a little bush, that aint gonna cut it my guy. Imagine the beauty of what you will be able to see from the top! Forget that dumb bush! Believe! Wish!" I think its quite efficient self love

Self love is a tool. "Loving yourself" is not a concrete thing that you can do (not actionable). Asking people to love themselves is like asking them to "do discrete math" or "dynamically program" (best example imo). Because self love is not an action. Its an general category of healthy coping strategies that involve stuff like: Self acceptance (remove unnwanted stuff from our identity (unburden the ego)) and hope (removing unnwanted futures).
