I love crowds! That feeling of being surrounded by personalities, tastes, fears, anxiety, opinions, logic, imagination, strength, weakness... It just gives me so much purpose. I love being surrounded by crowds first thing in the morning with all of them talking at the same time, laughing and conversing. I love having to dodge all of em and to acknowledge their existence. Being one with my kind, feeling good or bad, either having clarity or not. It just makes sense! I love to disagree, agree and reply and listen! At the end of the day, I go into my room and crave hobbying, messaging people or simply doing nothing! I love to then rot in bed and just behave like a useless, soulless bag of organs to the best of my ability. No thinking, no scrolling, no talking. Just contemplating the alignments of shadows and the geometry around me in this minuscule place. I also like it when my crush of that time pops up in my head and she does... things. There was one time where I was just laying belly down, I was smiling to myself like a dumdum and laughing about dumb things. My crush of that time, lets call her Neenee, was a girl (I am a hetero male) who loves acting tough, rebelling against rules she made up and rising up to face the unfairness of this world. She says cold things, acts cold and is a quirky silly college girl. She is alt and likes to get drunk and write while drunk. She wears glasses, plays cello, does Taekwondo, has curly hair, has clear skin and freckles (I cant really recall but I think she does) and green eyes. She is very Tsundere, likes to reply with "real" and she thinks that not shaving her armpits is peak main character shit. She is self centered and arrogant (just like me frfrfrfr) and likes to use logic when its not appropriate to use it to aSsErT heR dOmInAnCe (I think its pretty cute). When I dont have a life and feel too much discontent to have productive thoughts, She often pops up in my head acting like a rebel that fights for girl-powerTM, Often in really confrotational dialogue that consists in her starting a dispute for practically no reason so that it generates a strawman in my favour so I can put her down and win! (I crave validation). Overall I think she is a huge shitnerd just like me frfrfrfrfrfr and Im also petty loser with no life that meticulously and scientifically wastes as much life potential as humanly possible. :3 Anyways... I was chilling in a kitchen from the residence where I live and eating my processed garbage disk from lidl (they call it "carbonara pizza", I think) and she came. So I got up and told her "Good night :) (while smiling)" and she looked at me with the most dead face she could consciously make herself produce and said: "Check your privilege you creep! If you are a MAN you stay right where you are you hear?" I was so hypnotised by the fact she actually just spoke with me I just obeyed. I had no idea what she was cooking but suddently I just see her taking 2 steps back and getting into a fighting stance. I knew she was all about that quirly relatable college kid vibe so I just stood there, she wound her hips, and just ROUNDHOUSE KICKED ME IN THE NOGGIN!!!!!!! I was knocked out, hit my head on a table ledge with the like a "grave (the portuguese word for free falling object. Not the container for efficient disposal of raw human mean used for dead mourning and victim yapping cerimonies known as "funerals( funerais)".)" and started bleeding from an old scar I had! Then one day later I wake up laying in the bed in her room, confused and feeling crazy sick! She was mounting me and looking down at me with a warm smile on her face, licking her lips and rubbing her hands on my smol flabby boy chest with slow movements and breathing meditatively, slowly and calmly! She was laying on top of me. As I opened my eyes, she whispered in my left ear: "Did you like that? That was my present for you. I even healed your bleeding!" I thought about it for a minute and replyed: "Yeah! I just wish I was not mortal and all that crap..." She then  rubbed her body gently across mine breathing in and out, slowly. Then she said: "Hey loser boy!" *sits on my waist* "Here is the address of the gym I train at. If you want more, come meet me there at fridays and tuesdays." *Grabs a card from inside her left sock and slips it in between my pants and my hip* "The times are here. Meet me there. You will show up!" She then opens the door and ragdolls me out of her room and foksmashes the door