I feel unstable. I feel confused. For the past week, I have been stuck in a very, very bad rut. Maybe in the worst of my life. I feel like I am drowning, my hope is draining fast and I see no joy. I fell into autopilot, nothing is fun, nothing is interesting or meaningful. All I have been looking forward to is cheap thrills, for petty arguments, for confrontational skirmishes online, for tension, for a chance to prove some point only I care about. I am all consumed by ego and impulsiveness. Nothing trully matters. Nothing matters at all. I feel just like a moth, grey,  filled with dust that barely hangs on by taking small sips of blood from surrounding peers. I put on this flashy guy act, trying my hardest to remain simultaneously optimistic, pragmatic, reassuring and inspiring. It was healthy for the first days, then it became a distraction. I went to have dinner at a kitchen in my residence where there was a friend who understands about nutrition. I went to ask him: "Hello! *small talk to set up the question goes here* Do you think LIDL soup is a good breakfast?" He then asked me if I ate it everyday. I said yes. He then asked about my other meals. I said that I ate bananas and soup at breakfast and that combined with pizza in other meals. He then basically said that that was too much processed food and that I needed to be varied. I understood, and I felt it in my consciousness incredibly deeply. I was ruining my future health by feeding myself like this. AND IT FELT LIKE A FUCKING INSULT! WHY IS HELPFUL ADVICE AN INSULT TO MEE???!!!!! So I then first tried to come up with a way to set up a brand new meal strategy, something that both familiar and new things, but that also was different and completly superior to what I had before, so that I had no choice but to stick to it. I used to cook like a year ago, but it was almost allways the same: omlet, turkey meat, salad and rice. Everytime I did not eat at the college cafeteria, it was allways this. And at the time, my peers used to tell me how I (truthfully) was too slow, wasted time and was sloppy. What did they mean by "too slow"? Why did they choose to tell me something so general? Anyway. I decided I was gonna bring back my turkey egg salad diet thing. I knew I had to be varied. But wasnt just eating straight up different and better food every meal, even if it does not change better than just junk food anyway? Cant I call that already a suficient improvement? I decided: "No! thats no good! you have to cook varied meals every day, allways buy new ingredients and keep track of them and make sure they do not get spoiled. And you are gonna enjoy it because its hard work and healthy, you hear?" Then I thought: "But I already struggled not to prevent a GRAND TOTAL OF 5 INGREDIENTS FROM SPOILING???!!!! THOSE PEERS OF MINE ARE ALREDY WAY USED TO THAT!!!!! THERE IS NO WAY I CAN DO THAT, CONSCIOUSNESS!!!! PLEASE! GIVE ME SOMETHING EASIER! What if I start trying too hard? What if I start trying too hard, give up and become complacent again?!" And then I started panicking: "But developing habits is soo hard!!!! How do you avoid trying too hard! How do you avoid being complacent???!!!!! The line between those two is so, so thin! Ive never had an easy time with this!!!!!!! I either try too hard and give up immediatly, or find myself in a state where every slightly complex thing feels like a huge scary monster so I just do nothing! I never feel like I have any ledges to hold on to climb! I dont know how to start, or to stop, or to rest or to socialize or when to do ANY OF IT at the right time! Like... how do you do this? This is sooo hard!!!!! I wanna cry!!!!! And then I am just so confused! The people around me go to parties, and study, and cook, and socialize, and sleep and they can just stay afloat without any trouble! I envy them! I envy them so fucking much!!!! I hate my brain and this disgusting personality I have! I am just a weak and pretentions, pathetic, arrogant piece of shit!!!! And then... Why all of this? Why any of it? Why is it that I can only think "This is hard! This is hard! Omg so hard! I cant do that thats hard! And It should not be! It just is because I suck!" Like what is even the point of any of this??? Is it all just made so I have to... "work hard"? Is it all that there is to this?????!!!!!!!! Why????!!!!!!!! I dont see people complaining about cooking every forsaken time they have to do it!!!!!! Why me????!!!!!! This just makes me ANGRY!!!!!!! Why do I allways have to be the weak and unnimportant one????!!!!! Why is nobody around me a loser except me????!!!!! Why do I have to be the black sheep???!!!!!!!!! Im soo tired of this!!!! I JUST WANT IT ALL TO BURN TO ASH!!!!!!!!!!!