Water bottles are very heavy. Just carrying them is so much work. But hydration keeps me clear minded. My heart keeps telling me to stop. No one wants to listen. My soul is isolated. I feel bored and contempt. Ive been like this for soo long. Vibrations in my skin detect danger. Distrustful, disinterested, but determined I keep myself strong by not letting myself go, by staying cynical. My world is getting in shape, as I smudder my surroundings with my innards. My sadness, my mania, my joy. I came into this world unprepared, I grew up neglected, I matured drenched in coldness and confusion. I ended up mad. I remained inside my pent up agony for many, many agonizing years, getting torn appart and bruised by razor sharp gusts of cyclonic winds. I tried to desperately fit in, so I could set myself free from certain doom. But one day, while I was asleep, as everything inside me seemed gone, I noticed something within, that was shiny, elusive and that kept refusing to yield in this dark void. I had ignored it out of disinterest. But right now I had nothing left, so I just approached it out of curiosity: I held it in my bony, pale hands. It started growing... FAST! It exploded immediatly becoming roughly the size of my head. My mind felt... better. So I held onto it and did not let go. It then, suddently,  grew tenfold, its light became blinding and I began feeling stronger. I could eventually stand. Then, after I gained back my voice, I shouted: "I! WONT! DIE!" My heart began racing and suddently I began feeling my limbs, I began feeling warm, my thoughts started popping up with bangs and flashes of light, pointing me to a future that seemed absurd, but also tempting. I then woke up. I then went into a stationery and bought a canvas, paint, brushes. Then i got lipstick, a mirror and a dress. I went home. I began painting. It felt... so real, so beautiful. I decided: From now on, I will venture into the skies and inspire everyone, by carving out a path where all of lifes outcast nomads shall walk on and set themselves free just like me. I will lead and inspire them and when they are strong, I shall let them go. Welcome to sillygirlclub.