
Type: Musical Single.
Title: Unpredictible Floor Objects!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111!!!! (UFOs!!!!!!!11!!!!!)
Genre: Maidcore.
Vibe: And then... suddently... I start running! run run run run run run run! I run and jump and hop! Over fences! Dodging people! Skip over a puddle to crash into the next! dancing spastically in the middle of the plaza. I then meet up with my clueless friend. I say: "hello!" they say: "hey." We stand there... staring into eachothers souls for a full 3 minutes.
Suddently... we start both dancing spastically in the middle of the big, open street, laughing our asses off at a minuscule person that just goes by... looking at us weird... Amidst the hysteria, We then bump into eachother and both utter "ow!.....". 
Still sitting on the floor... in the middle of the plaza... 20 minutes later after we bumped heads... with dreamy looks on our faces... as the sky is still blue and slighty overcast, after a whole yesterday of rain... cold breezes.... sunny periods piercing through ocasionally.
Now...we look... contemplative... at people around us... fascinated... and also intrigued by the two ants making sex on my hand... and the moth trying to make out with my clueless friends nose... him oblivious to it. A couple seconds pass... and an uber cyclist crashes into a tree just behind us... that makes a person flustered and then trip, that bumps into another, the chaos unfolding all around us... to then make us witness the bumped person falling over and geting their hand stepped on by a leisure jogger, that stops suddently, oblivious to a cyclist behind him, just to say sorry, just to get rear ended, falling too. 
Then... a bunch of people gather over... witnessing the whole event... making it seem like someone got stabbed or something... I mean... the absolute pile up of bodies... the crowd... the muttering... the fallen cyclists... the people still dazed and stunned... so a couple minutes after... The police pulls up and looks at the absolute tomfoolery right in front of their eyes... and in a fit of of mild waryness, call the 911 with a code red... the 911 then come... causing a traffic jam in the road next to us... that then stretches 4 blocks down... 
We are confused... the people involved are confused... the police are confused... the people in the cars are confused... and this will probably be in the news too... making more people confused... This is my ideal relationship, basically.