I have just been shattered. I am scattered, I am broken, I am everywhere. I forgot who I am, where I came from and all that I know. I am confused. I am lonely. I am dead. All that I had left was smashed right in front of me. It was not a predator who did this, or a malevolant force
 Not even a loved one. It was my environment. In an instant, all my pieces came appart and I am now an incomplete puzzle. My intuition frantically looking for answers. My mind and my body trying to dig deep. For a reason, for some love, ANYTHING! I silently beg for help, while forcing myself into accountability. "The answer... I need to know... the answer. Its out there somewhere. I know it. Yet It all just feels pointless. I just wonder... what could possibly be next. As I struggle to forget what came before, I look for what its availavle right now. Looking for a ledge to hang on to.". My heart is still beating, though. And this body and this mind and this heart is all that Ive got. As I run frantically, I finally get tired. I stop. I lay on my knees and think: "Thats it... I am lost... I got no paths left. Im behind. I want to ask for help. But it just feels like it is too late. I feel like my only option is lying. I dont want to face my pain. I want to run away. Ive tried to face this many many times. I cant embrace the struggle. And it all feels like it is my fault. I cant do this. Where do I go? Who do I talk to? What do I do? The dread is too much. I lack courage. I lack direction. I lack fulfilment. I wanna stop believing this. These are all unnwanted futures. They will lead me nowhere. All they do is feed my hopelessness. But I cant stop. I just cant stop. I want help. Anything. All my friends. I allways end up abandoning all my friends. Its like I wanna doom myself. Ive got nothing left! I must do... the heaviest thing. Whats the heaviest thing?... what is it? 






Question about note left on one of my posts ( I deleted it... dont know if that is a problem sooo...)



Question about note left on one of my posts ( I deleted it... dont know if that is a problem sooo...)


The note said something about the post being low effort and the humor not really being what you are looking for. I had posted something that was meant to be optimistic and supportive. I also was feeling like venting out some anger, because someone made a post basically saying that people who comment to "prove posts wrong" should "fuck off". So, I felt kinda angry about it. because It thought it would  be empowering and original. In my post, I said that in the title, the only attachment I put in it was a link to a song from the beyblade sound track and I made a little rant about some small things I do to manage my mental health and some songs I also listen to. My guess is either, I may have come across as too forceful, or only putting one youtube link is low effort. Or is it something different? "


You know what? Fine! If my crush doesnt wanna talk with me, my mentallt ill friends dont want me, my healthy friends dont want me and everything falls appart if people feel the slightest hint of confusion from me, I guess Ill just be alone forever and only get socialization from therapy! Fuck you Nina, fuck you silly clubs, fuck college and fuck my life!


Inzaghi:

There was a sneaky, sneaky thief that roamed through the dark forest. They skillfully jump from tree to tree, swiftly dodging branches as they run at incredible speeds. They find a dangerous predator. The thief avoids its sensitive wild senses with finesse and sublty. They keep carrying own body through the night, looking for a place to stay.  Have good eyes and good smell. A mind with no distractions. Stalking the forests inhabitants, they formulate decisions and plans to move forward. They look ahead, trying to make sense of the world passing by them at high velocity, while Crunching all the possible data in order to determine the worlds essence. He absorbs every little detail, picking up on small nuances. Nuances to hold on to. Nuances that help survive. Their radiohead intuition picks on every pattern, almost picking up on the personality of each place they pass by. Speed, finesse and wit is all it takes to survive for some. Their agility and resourcefulness, and strong, calculated spirits make them the silent observers, the scouts of this world. Their observations shed light on humanity's darkest mysteries.



Voices:

I run along a mysterious world, full of single color, opaque shapes, scattered puzzle pieces and obstacles. I am afloat jumping from object to object trying desperately to reach  it. Im almost there! One more step, one more turn of the neck, one more bit of data. I suddently come across a ledge and I jump! As I look around me the world slows down, My blood Is flowing in anger to every fiber in my being, coarsing through my sore muscles, my overworked brain and my dry mouth. My lungs fill up and connect with the air with mechanically precise intervals, my organs feed me with nutrients and other things, my legs smash the ground with force. I must run faster! My brain will keep up! I will absorb everything to solve this eternally elusive and incomplete enigma! As I think and reach conclusions and new heights, my goals get farther and farther away. I get more and more angry and speed up gradually. Im at max speed. A stream of pieces assembles inside my brain as I sweep across this lonely world with full force. "Burn away! Burn away all the useless and Teach yourself and learn! Open my eyes! Hundreds of voices talk over eachother and give me clues! Reveal me the world! And I somehow understand all of them! Listen to them! Master all your delusions and make them real! Listen to your intuition and judgement! Determine the worlds essence! Rebuilt it! Hopping from nuance to nuance everything slowly becomes clear! I must keep going, so I can reach it"

Judgement

Symbols. Lungs pulsating furiously to freshen my sore muscles as I slam in more data. I come across Strange entities as I sprint at full speed determined to comprehend it. That is the essence of logic


The adventure of life

I feel empty. As my mouth turns white and my wit and sanity collapse, I find myself crashing into numbness to protect my traumatized senses. My intuition is panicking, my vocal cords ripped appart, my roaring engine of sadness and suffering begs me relentlessly: "ENDITENDITENDITENDITENDITENDITENDIT" As I force myself to resist my own wishes, I cry and whale with full force drowning in my own agony. My despair pulls my entire being appart in every single direction, trying to reduce me to nothing. I am trapped in this black void where no one can find me for as long as I remember. My organs get violently squished and pulled appart with every memory, every wind gust of the cyclone of insanity. I look for a way out, But I feel powerless, like an atom of air already fused with the damned storm. I get slammed and brutally ragdolled into every wall around me. Theres nothing for me here now. The wind took away all that I had left. And yet, it keeps going.