kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkl anastrepha the maidcore song title sounds like a hot slavic female tennis player.

I am ignorant, vain, arrogant and lazy. But I prefer to call it "very very intelligent".

I am envious, chronically bored, underconfident and made of styrofoam but prefer to call it "extremely traumatized and lonely"

I could be aprox. 110 times happier with my body if I ran like 1.5 miles for 3 days a week (I absolutely have the time) and payed modest attention to my diet, but I just ignore this feeling and say: "I dont feel like it :P"

I imagine myself in strawman arguments in my favour with my crush and fantasize alot about pissing her off, but at the end of the day I just cannot accept that I would never be able to give her what she trully deserves with my current self, so now, although I am confident, open and can entertain people with reasonable reliability, I feel stuck inside an indestructible glass dome of pride and vanity and that I will never ever understand love :P

What do people in the residence where I live at even do all day? Oh yeah.... they work, they may meditate, they may exercise, they may chat with their families over the phone, they may not even be in their rooms all day (shocked)! The possibilities are endless... I really want to talk to people right now and just V I B E... Or maybe I should just practise a hobby or smth. Im already doing it Im writting :P. This place is lonely as hell... The people that study in a college that is right next door just come here for the study room at the entrance and dont really talk to anyone... (and also the snack bar that is built into the residence in the ground floor). I read a post on reddit that said that a human needs 4 hugs a day for bare minimum survivability and that makes me severely worried! I am so entrenched in ironic self deprecation and unhinged, overly abstract reasoning that I genuenly think that all gonads do to people is give them base stats :P I am also completly all consumed by cynnicism and cringe if the humor shows that I watch dont make me laugh hysterically everytime (I just dont laugh because they are made for low class, basic people unlike myself). Although I am still a college student and technically still a nobody, if I enter a pharmacy, a supermarket or a library or anything, I will of course be polite and maybe even crack a few jokes, but deep down I still believe that I am better than you by design and I even had to use that mindset to even get confident enough to leave my house! If I was not this arrogant I would already have given up on everything!


In one of my self glazing fantasies I had with my crush in it, I am in the residence kitchen, dancing like an elevated primate (because I am a primate and I was elevated :P), and then Neenee shows up and says: "Sup loser! What could you possibly be doing with your life all by yourself at 16 hours, 15 minutes and 56 seconds in a sunday?" I reply: "Dancing :3" She replies: "But you look SOOO CRINGE! Why do you even want to dance anyway? Stop being an attention whore and give up on life already :P" "No, shut up shitnerd! I am performing a show for my audience!" "Who the fuck even is your "audience" you white suburb grown entitled manchild?" I then reply: "The Residence ghost, my dead grandma and the holy spirit"

My cold hearted crush Neenee existing makes me automatically not empty inside :P