Title: Deathless.

Author: Ester Glacier.

Type: Musical Single.

Genre: Maidcore (Heaviest Metal. Lightest plywood. Ethereal Piano)

Vibe:
*zzzzzzzz* *I sleep talk, whispering* Hard.... wind and voices whispering in my head... unlimited badwidth for lethargy and incoherent imagination
Despondency is the default human state. Energy is a mask. Despondency is the reality. Work is hard by default
*zzzzzzzzz* *drooling*
Myeloma... I am... a myeloma
*zzzzzzzzz*
*zzzzzzzzzz*
Flurries of daggers peel me open...
Selfish jesters make me sick
Deadly spears from thin air carve holes in the heads of my targets
My soul is silent. I listen to fireworks everynight... hoping my bedroom catches a bad stray
Deathless... yet meaningless
Jolting at the pain my eyes inflict on me... from the salt the tears rub on inner wounds yet to be healed
*sigh...* Clearly like Light on dark... the acid on my stomach reminds me of what I fail to be, every day
Wanting to be someone in life is what losing your essence looks like.
Going back in time 2 weeks at every step forward, I live detacheed. 
Groggy, despondent and conformed, My life is made of light bulbs inside a pitch dark cave.
The pork meat I am made of smelling like a snack for the vultures...
Deadly cancer in my white cells...
Anemya in my red cells...
My muscles are frail rubber bands that break on sneezes...
A yellow mixture of despair and gloomyness travels across my vessels... reminding me of nothing in particular.
In my movements, I am fado.
In my soul I am rock.
In my head I am Noise.
Bedrock ever lasting through erosion... one day at a time... is what I am.

But Today... Me, Ester Glacier. 21 years old. 22 In november. Selfaware and hopeful Ive learned how to trully be patient. Filipa waiting for me. The casket gaping and open... Not quite sure where I stand or what I live for, I keep walking. Deadly disease corrodes my organs with pride and prejudice. Real Darcy. Minecraft Steve Powerful. Glass bones. Iron fist. Cynncism and resilience wrapped in a cute, junior sized package. My skin pale like Ice. My psychic gland aching from reading the writing inside people that is already on the wall. That I have done many things wrong. I dont need to read minds. I dont need to plan for that. Its already happened. My shields down, my hopes up. Reborn out of an old shell I make music to reclaim a new one everyday. Persistent Pragmatic Prototype, I am not dead. I have form. I have the gift of clouding the air with my exausted, gasping, panting breath. I spoke with the devil the other day. He said 'Do not taunt me! Ill kill you!' I said: "Please... by al means... do it". But... then we went back and forth... my unwavering lack of belief vs his lack of tact. The devil hides behind a teasing shell... but he did not try any deals. He just spoke facts. So... eventually, I just remembered. I may not be alive... I may not be dead. I am deathless. Still breathing but with no purpose. No path forged before me. No clear goal in sight. I did not need a guardian angel. I did not need an ending to my suffering. I just needed... to open my eyes. Because there is stuff in life I cannot quite relinquish. I may be sociopathic, narcissistic and an ex genocide non convict. But... prison will not help me. Chastisation. Shame. I ask for no shame. I ask for no pity. I ask for no blame. I just need fuel for my flame. The flame that melts the excess ice of the glacier that is my eyes. The water... that runs through the valley of my consciousness and keeps everything nourished. I need Filipa, the crazy lunatic that used to be my friend. Her and... Adriano. My college peers, Tomas. Raquel. (I have to confess... I have a crush on her.. ahem) Filipa the buzzing dentist rubber ball that I cant get under the skin of. Her the palm tree moving flexibly with the wind... always aching. Never faltering. Sometimes waning, crying or screaming. But always smiling. I cant understand... I cant contain. I must challenge her, be challenged by her. Be obcessed by her. Through my coldest snowy days, my driest desert days. I always see a mirage of her in front of me. I see her cast in the sun, in the moon and in the clouds. This obcession I have of her, this hyperfixated hope this... belief she will someday trully forgive me. This lingering desire to stay close... to knock on her door countless times until she says: "I understand... and its ok. Come in. We have talking to catch up to.". The idea that day may never come, keeps me dreaming. She keeps my eyes stimulated. My soul aching with desire... the unfulfilled desire hopefully enough to keep me away from my darkest self harm tendencies. My psychotic depression melting under her spell. My brain mesmerized by her habits. Because I did not need answers. I needed absurdity. I am Ester Glacier. Lifeless, but not heartless. No touch. No vitality. From Faintly hoping that a stray bullet from a shootout catches my flat chest, my boney body. My frail frame. Against disorder and disease, my carcass, housing for a dead city in delirium. A city that became too ghostly. Too secluded. The visitors looking for me in the mist of my flawed beliefs... saving from deaths sweet, tempting embrace. Replacing not with secrecy or mind games. But fire. I must... trust the visitors. I must wake up. And smell the ashes of what I left a trail of. Destruction and resentment. The untamed tundra of snow storms and ruthless flurry of hails I was made of and nourished inside of... now an evolution remnant. A part of me I will put down. A part of me I will let go OF! THE TRUE ME IS HUMAN! I am mortal...! Not psychic... Mortals may be frail. During that conversation with the devil... he also reminded me... constantly... by uttering "Mortal.." "Oh dear mortal!" "Oh sweet mortal" "What do you think about that, mortal?" That... if I get too reckless... everything will come crashing down... That I will never atone... If I stop living now... because attonement is a method of the class of the living. The alive class also has the suffer property... but the death class... has nothing. there is nothing after it. Nothing... inconceivable nothing made of nothing. Nothing... and  I DO NOT WANT THAT! I HAVE FILIPA! I HAVE COLLEGE! I HAVE THE TEAM! I HAVE THE GYM! My... job. My talents. I am somthing that exists inside the memories of  people. So I must keep going... to honor them. Because Im a deathless object. And these objects... have empty buffers as values for the expectation property. Wether its disgust or indifference, the truth is those who saw me... did not unsee. Always an owner of the keys to hearts of unlimitted people, my life is beautiful. There may only be 7 years till 2031, but man... the last 2 were a life time on their own... let alone the last 7... Im so young... So... as long as I am still able to move, I must keep going. Deathless yet meaningless, my soul is a garden with caretaking to catch up on. Because those who attempt to solve issues of the living with ceasing to exist are logically wrong, as they will only find regret when they cross to the netherworld, and will carry with them wounds still bleeding. 




Current status: Deathless. 