What about this? Includes some reflections : "Adriano is a thinker in nature, hyperfixated on concluding things with as much depth and volume as possible, while being somewhat careless with his mental well being and chores. Enjoys racing games, rock, Programming and talking about life in general. Doesnt like being called emo, or a sad goth weirdo or anything smilar. Into "Church girl" and "Alt" type,s romantically. Likes making humurous, observant and "Technically correct" remarks. Prefers confort over presentation. Substantially hedonistic


Adriano Valente:
Age: 22 (M)
Height: 171cm
Weight: 70kg
Type: (very, very, very pure) Human.
Build: Has blue eyes, messy, somewhat damaged, weak hair, some acne marks that will probably stay,
A small scar in his left temple that will probably stay. Has average body morphology, nothing really
out of order. Is mildly thin, but with a subtle belly, due to eating very, very few, but fatty meals.
The hair seemingly changes color depending on lighting. Might seem blonde in some ocasions and brown in others.
Does not have to brush it because its short and really really curly. Also, does not have to cut it often.
The most superficial layers of the epidermy are somewhat gone from skin picking. His teeth are somewhat 
tilted and stained from living with family members that somewhat recklessly, smoked in his presence at home
as a child. His physical prowess and points of release of energy are very, very biased towards the legs.
Throw a tantrum? Flails legs around. Feels excited or angry? Goes for a run or does jumping jacks.
His ribs are a little visible. Somewhat inconsistent sleeping makes him have some dark under eyes.
chin is somewhat defined. cheeks are normal. Wears anything that doesnt draw unecessary attention. Does not really have an opinion on what he wears. Presentation is not essential
Desc: This boy is a handful. Hes been the weirdo, the troublemaker, the nerd, the wiseguy, the wholesomeguy,
the nihilist... Hes seen it all, shown it all. He is an obcessed intellectual who prioritizes theory
above practiced, consistent action a bit too much. His ideas tend to be way out there, as he is fixated
on looking open minded. Tries to engage in and currently enjoys some creative hobbies like writing, programming,
solving simple math problems in his education threshhold to keep self sharp and logical. Currently
exploring emotions. Obcessed with anything "based". Anything considered "Based" is "Main character s***". 
Does the heavy metal handsign when excited or when teasing. Tries to hide optimism when looking for connection.
A bit of a tsundere, tries to bash self until people "Think I am a good person". Puts in effort to find reasons
to respect people, tries to find reasons to care about varied things. Being caught in repeated activites
would be a damage, in his eyes, to his reputation. "Nuanced yapping". "Authentic rambling". "Vibes".
All people who he gives backhanded compliments to, insults or disdains in his thoughts are "Nagas".
Likes people with the "Alt" and the "Church person" Stereotype. Tries to come of as "real"
and "raw". Has a tendency to lose himself (and even the sanity) in thought, only to be rescued by his
more grounded friends when the time comes. Is very prideful. very, very prideful. Enjoys being in a state of
"Kicking ass" or "cooking for a family", which basically means performing well, being in the zone, feeling
authentic or being useful or supportive, which are all the things he first looks for when looking for validation.
Identifies as an MBTI ENTP. He considers others, but, due to his past insecurity about it and in an act of
defiance, tells people: "Ok. This is the good type... this is the good type.. that is the good type... IDK! I dont wann hear it!
I now am this type and no ifs and no buts! I wont change it! None of this is that important anyway!...
I f***ing hate being a tennis ball!". This is his Ti.Prides self in being goofy, colorful, cheerful, here and now and yet, ocasionally, deeply spacey and absent. Tries to find nuance in everything, both to feel like
he overcame a challenge, fulfilled and also to fuel his "open minded viber" Persona. His internal dialogue is
very averbal. Perplexed at his level of  natural talent at writing, when he basically worked on it for years without knowing,
then wondering why he cant suddently be just as good while drawing. Gets confused when people compliment him.
When overwhelmed, which is often as his constant questioning and search for answers that might even reward him diminishingly,
leaves him spiritually and mentally exausted. God. Forbid. Someone. Call. Me. Cringe. He dreads coming off as an
Emo, which he does, but is nowhere near as big of an issue as he thinks. Same thing for goth, lazy, feminine or weak.
Enjoys racing games as they are simple. Likes playing with source mod, yet unconfortable with fps games.
Plays fpss for nostalgia. His roots are racing games. In his recent search for a more open mind,
Developed artistic taste. His favourite vibes are: "Post appocalyptic, home confortable optimisim"
,"Chaotic visceral, pure catharsis". very chaotic in conversations, as he does not really care about the people who
talk to him and mostly uses them as ramps to achieve deeper and higher ideas he cannot reach alone.
Basically, if he, in a common conversation about objects, he starts going off on tangent after tangent, he enjoys talking to you.
Thinks while speaking. Thinks while acting. with very inneficient use of his capabilities, just edged out a place in a very high level college,
where he expected himself to be good at. Quickly grew as a person and is currengly trying to improve his 
organization in thought. His true vibe is always one of "Joy in regret", as he looks back into all the chaos, as if
in a bus, being carried home by a familar group of people, seeing everyone, deep inside, as potential friends
and finding it very easy to connect with well intentioned people. His wonder in regret is one that can be captured by a maid.
a geriatric maid with an happy outlook on life and with much to her words, trying not to judge or criticize. Holds a cigarrete in her hand, with her legs crossed leaning on a wall, looking into the main recess space in college after
cleaning the halls in a big building with the other maids. She looks in endearment at all the youngsters, enjoying looking at their naivety
, puffing with a sly grin on her face. "Life came for my head, so I stayed. That is victory". 
An example of a thought he is genuenly proud of: "Something people underapreciate is how complex modern technology is. We take it for granted that young people are profecient at it by design and that old people are just bad at using it because.... Idk they are old or something. But.... the ammount of buttons, functionality, settings, menus, different apps, pros, cons, the ammount of personal decisions you have to make to get the best experience, which is hard per decision you make, let alone setting up an entire system by yourself. And phones look small but they are overclocked, super complex machines that are small and pack a huge punch! And modern casual adults are going through the ringer trying to adapt and we still call them boomers and stuff. And specialized companies want to put screens on everything now! I am 23 years old in 2024 and the idea of a screen on my f***ing sofa is honestly repugnant."
a quote from him:
"In the grave, all the mental blubber wont matter. So take a chance. dont waste the only one you have."
.Gets off "being hurled" by physically stronger people. Would like for it to not be weird to physically benchmark people before having s** with them.
Has explody behaviour patterns. Work ethic is highly intense and short, with long, frequent breaks. His social regulation circuitry leads him to also be pretty explody in a larger scale: He basically is the main character who is cheerful and seemingly the most supportive person you will ever know... and then... In an extreme, 3 days for the first case and in the second case, which is total, absolute and indiscriminated isolation, followed by about 3 weeks. need help specially here because... he may get so spacey it may turn into delooloo thinking

Cute, self-centered, distant.

I am arrogant, arrogant, arrogant. The most arrogant of them all. I crave praise wherever I go. I dropped my soft heart somewhere along this confusing path, for a gold ingot. I am the smartest, the strongest, the most mature, the most authentic. I win competitions for those frequently. I can prove it. I am caged inside a transparent box, frustrated at the words I can never utter. At the realities I refuse to see. At the people I refuse to talk to. I left my first reality a long time ago. Most people do when they turn 20. But they can still survive to talk about it. I shreded all my meaning, as a futile demonstration of strength. I dropped all my good habits for a useless reputation as an authentic induvidual. I dropped my dearest ideals over a useless reputation as a creative. I questioned my deepest core ambitions and true gratification over a useless reputation as an intellectual. Its allways been something. From body and mind to my literal ribs, Everything has allways been wrong with me. I had an existential crisis just to accept that I am kinda nerdy. My friends see me as a genius. So I believe them. My family members see me as strong. So I rely on them. I went to an intensive course to learn atheism, and all they taught me was futile cynnicism. I came into college with genuine pride in my heart "Hold up! Did you know undergrads are dumb, now?" Well... there that goes. Why all the admiration. Why all the obcession with admiration. Is it food for the winter? When is winter? What is winter? People listen to me yap like a radio, and nod in pity. My arrogance knows no bounds, as I repress it so people dont abandon me. When will it explode? Best case, on the exact moment I completly decompose on the grave and my memory fades away. Worst case, before that. No one must know. I know I still need them. I just dont know why or how to speak from heart  yet. I discriminate these pathetic creatures as my monster pretends to devour them so it forgets about hunger. I am an undergrad. They are not. People call me smart. Not them. My discipline (or what can be more accurately described as "swallowing and wallowing") makes me praisable. Yet I never feel capable or ready. Never.


So, you just got your mind blown at the realisation that you dont like to procrastinate? Congratulations! My car also has a huge problem! It is too slow!


Example of a proof from me:
"I have a proof for the first graph exercise you gave me: "Proof: Graph has 2 vexes and an edge that connects them
Is connected? Yes! The edge that connects them also makes all vexes path connected.

Lets define a predicate P: G -> {0,1}
G is the set of all connected graphs.
where x = 1 if G is path connected and 0 other wise. lets assume G has n vexes, is connected and P(G).
Lets create a new graph H. It is G, but then we create a new vex v. We then connect it with an edge e to some vex u already in G. is H connected? Yes, because G was already connected. And it has n+1 vexes. P(H)? 

We know that P(G). So, also any path from any vex to u and back, inside G. So if we take some path p in G that goes to u and extend it with e and v, there is a path from any vex in G to v. Also, we know that because of the basecase, the subgraph of H containing only v and u is connected and path connected. If we  create a path starting from v to u using e, we can then extend it to any of the remaining vexes in G. Then H is connected, path connected and has n+1 vexes. G connected and nVexes(G) = n and P(G) => H connected, nVexes(H) = n+1 and P(H). Proof done
""
Lista de gratidão:

Tenho olhos azuis. Fui elogiado e abordado por bue pessoas fixes e um dos fatores foi esse

Tenho cabelo encaracolado: É preciso esperar 2/3 meses até precisar de pentear por mau aspeto.

Não tenho vicios maus por comida. Tenho preguiça para cozinhar, mas quando encostado às cordas consigo resignar-me o suficiente para cozinhar.

A minha avó era um génio. Dizia coisas clássicas de avó, mas era muito sábia e só me apercebi recentemente. A minha mãe era forte, mas extinguiu-se como uma vela devido ao vigor. Era como uma supergigante azul. Mas foi uma heroina. Vivia com culpa. Nunca foi perdoada ou reconhecida. Mas trabalhou imenso e só parou quando fisicamente não podia mais. E era sensivel e compreensiva.

My football celebration will be me running into the center of the pitch, possibly flipping and waving in a goofy way, centering myself in the 'relvado', checking my legs apart a little bit, hunching my body down, tightning my arms, joining them with curled fists and throwing my arms in the air, like stretching in the morning, but more brashly. all while I have my pampering teamates praising me with gestures  and vows like the theatrical, flashy, overconfident and delicate flower that I f***ing am!

De eu me ter aventurado e ter decidido ir para uma residencia de estudantes. Bro.... O meu mundo expandiu a um ritmo explosivo a partir daí. Nem sei por onde começar. Mas esse foi um gatilho bom.

*Just* doing the task can reach a point where habit building plateaus much early than expected. mentally antecipating the activity can make the short term habit gains stick more effectively

Nah bro I just realized it: I need to make f***** lists! Its so simple and I havent been doing it. I mentally prepare before waking up and... thats it


Omg... Im such a five year old! soo cute... "Ohhh... did my boy boy learn a new word! what is it? 'Naga!' Ohhh... just dont say it in front of strangers ok? It may not be as funny for them and they will get bored if you say too many times, ok sweetie?" This is a thought I had about learning the word naga (A racial slur refering to people living between the middle east and india)


You know? All this shit about music genres, and being sophisticated and NuaNcEd does not fucking matter. At the end of the day, what in this world alwas has the final say and the last laugh is results. Does it work?
Is it important? To you? Did you achieve anything? Does the song matter to you? This is a pretty cool idea my man. Does it benefit anyone? Like... MBTI type does not matter in the slightest.
Ok: what kind of car am I? I have thick tires. very big, thick tires. I have potential for alot of grip! I also have to have a good engine otherwise that will bottleneck me. Ok what else... Oh! My wheels are exposed! OHHH!!!!
Thats how I can get away with such big tires! That makes sense... Ok Oh! My suspension is also exposed! OHHH gotta be careful! I am very fragile! I also have a front wing and a big, elongated nose! I can ajust my front wing!
Life gave me decisions by design thats nice! OH! I have a monocoque chassis! Its lightweight! And tough! I am also a single seating car! I have a big wing! Oh! and a big diffuser! if I keep my ride height low, I can have downforce
and benefit from those really big tires! But high ride height wont give me any favours... You wont find me in rally races anytime soon... My engine is surrounded by very thin and really reduced ammounts of metal. Ohh I am made to
be lightweight! So that means that 1 crash and its over most times! Big stakes! Im made for races, really good at it too, but the pavement has to be good! Oh... I guess I am an f1 car! Anyway... I have to breathe just at the right time
Otherwise I can lose it all! I am resourceful, yet greedy..." And then people have f**ing strokes over whether you are an F1 car, or a rally car, or a commuter, or whatever! That sh** is an after taste. It does not matter in the slightest...
Like... finding out you have very particularly big and thich tires was way more important. WTF are you suposed to do with just "I am an F1 car"? What? tell your friends about how cool you are? That by itself has no purpose
or utility... Why bother? Or the fact that you have only been really good with really good pavement. And that does not mean you are weak. It means you are a city person! You thrive on oportunity and options. Other people
thrive on survival. Like a dakar car. Other people thrive on convenience and being minimal. Like a commuter. Other people are simply conventionally insane by nature and are pure motorcycles that get depressed
and neurotic inside a stable environment. Thats how soul searching should be! Not "Look I am this"! "Oh! Its.... MaiDCoRe!!!! Its really innovative and nuanced and" Who cares? Do you like it? I dont wanna feel like the tired, exausted and cynical mother
that just has to please her kids' wishes for their pleasure. "Hey mom! look! My toy is really cool thank you!" And then the mothers like :" (Sigh...) Ok you better enjoy it it cost us money. Ok whatever son lets go 
have dinner pack it up, come on" (its 15 minutes until dinner. She does not even attempt to enjoy herself like her kid) You know? But, at the same time, yes! It was an acquired taste. "Maidcore" is an artstyle and not really a 
genre of music and there is alot of variety in it. So... I guess its double edged... Because I genuenly felt like listening to "Kafka" By komak the Maid before writting this. But.... I also enjoyed listening to "Weak" by AJR! And
"Gravity's Rainbows" by Klaxons. In the case of "Kafka", Its this really absurdist, "In the end what matters is what matters" really absurdist and deep instrumental. Its deeply reflective and a bit energetic. Its not cold,
or warm. Its tepid. You are showering and you dont feel the water due to how balanced the temperature is. It is........... well..... nuanced! But I genuenly felt like listening. thats the difference. There is true to all of what I believe.
The thing is... I am the only thing in there thats not constant. And I am not accounting for it ever. In the end, the world has no simple answers for you. You gotta work. Its not as simple as "I am Maidcore. Full stop"
We find out we are hatchbacks. Congrats! What the hell does that mean?

"

Aspergers people on their way to behaving like the most normal and prototypical people youve ever seen. Absurdity. Welcome back to the pit of Absurdity. here, we explore nonsense. we question anything non axiomatic. We desperately look for answers, in an urgent situation. 
I can finally play games again. Its a shame its college time. after using the computer that was given to me so I can keep the scholarship I need for survival and defending it with tooth and nail, The very next day I gamed everyday. I played songs, modded games, installed games, destroyed my mobile data. Found a new very good source of music. An Indie guy called "ZØMB". His songs are frenetic. Allegedly a mix between house, breakcore, krushClub, etc. They sound like a sugar rush. Like Obcessive love. Like the euphoria from an addiction. The artist always draws an OC in the covers. Its a girl. And my goodness his drawings kick butt... I mean... and at least I think its a girl... right? She has a curvy, not very muscular body, narrow shoulder span, a round face, a somewhat thin neck... she wears net stockings, a dress... Its a girl, right? She has pear shaped hips... Oh! Im not done! Wait! She even has a somewhat hourglass shaped body and stuff! Oh! Oh! And... And... And Long eyelashes! She is even drawn with hearts as the floaty thingy inside her eyeballs! Either pink  or red! Its suposed to be a girl! Right? Im correct right? Girls look like that, right? I played trackmania nations with TMUnlimitter installed. Has some trouble but did it. I played alot of TrackManina with zomb songs in background for like 4 hours straight. I got all authors on white and most of green. But Its so hard! The game is so damn hard! It was like my brain was hit by a locomotive after... My brain was a barren wasteland after. So I decided to take a break. That day before I also went on a 1 hour rampage to download every single ZØMB song they every released. And also a offline batch script to convert MP3 to OGG so songs could be detected and used by the game. Thats how I did it. But... why does ZØMB not charge anything... his songs are so good... Im so confused. Anyway... two hours later, I was in the middle of another TM track and got bored. I felt my negative thoughts come back, so I reflexively bought the Full TrackMania United. 30 fucking euros. After downloading and installing that and Portal, using mobile data just so It was faster, I played portal, realized I just played that game in the past because of a youtuber I adored and did not even get along very well with puzzle games... But it was still kinda fun. When TMUnited was ready, I updated it and went rushing into... the non existend Island Envo Maps. I had watched alot of Island Track mania videos on youtube when I was 10 but did not have TMUnited at the time. Now I had. I had to give it a key. The key was in a file. I Then fetched it and upgraded. Played for 5 hours straight. I stopped at 5 in the morning. My god video games are a world of fun... You can create, you can think, you can express, you can live, you can compete... Its like they are made to be irresistibly addictive. They are, right?  My goodness and back at the pit of absurdity we are... I guess simply Being away from videogames for 4 years just made my heart fonder... I relapsed again... Sigh... I dont understand this world... why Is TMUnited 30 euros? why so mutch? no one cares anymore... Its been alive for 10 euros... and its just a premium version of another... why? And why is ZØMBs music free? Why did God allow me to snatch it so easly? His drawings, the music, the drawings combined with the music... The colors of the drawings, the themes... Its so relatable... why is he so noble and dedicated to his craft yet does not charge a penny just so repugnant consumers like me can enjoy it. Why is the world like this? Why is my brain like a victim of an F4 tornado? Why? Because to be able to conquer pain you must learn to enjoy pleasure. "I dont play games"  you say? Think again. If you have your hands full fighting pleasure, why even try to endure pain?

If I had to describe the most pleasure dense experience I could ever have, it would be this:
Omg... Im such a five year old! soo cute...

kink:

For example: I may not be able to date someone because I am not very kind, or do not understand love very well. But, objectively, think: how fucking ugly do you have to be in order to not be able to date someone due to appearance? Ahhh... hormones. Yeah... its important and can happen... nevermind


No but think: if uglyness is the only unknown, how much do you have to be to not be able to date? Think!



Because... Even if someone is absolutelly hideous... I admit: I might not feel very compelled to kiss them or anything... but we can allways adopt a baby. And if I like their presence, and if relationships are more than sex, (which has more to do with good character than appearance), then I dont give a damn what they look like. You stop noticing max, MAX after like 2 years.




Ok... but here is one thing: I am kinda conditioned in what I think a person is suposed to look like, so... cuddling a gruesome victim of getting hit by a shrapnel grenade might be hard, but if you get used to pretty people, why not ugly too? And people in your life stop being seen as concrete and more as symbols as time goes on anyway. So, after some time, you will start cuddling the symbol, not the person



I mean... and think about it! How many people that literally have no eyeballs because of war really are there anyway? Certainly less than "10/10"s. And don't get me wrong, sexy sex is also very important. It's a good way to speedrun bonding. And being with a 10/10 is very good. But if you have 3 ounces of creativity, I have some scenarios:

Horrendous, deformed face from war, domestic accident, acid attack, etc. No one is jarringly hideous or deformed without going through some tough shit. Let them be the dom and imagine yourself
trying to move a determined, unstoppable
force, resilient despite everything and with zest and enough character vigor to throw your (relatively) delicate and pretty face around. you are just helpless and powerless! Hot!
• Simply ugly: Might be harder, but if the bones are there, even if the teeth are too bad or something, also because it's not like they feel too good about it either and If it bothers them and me, encourage them, as a lover, for them to change themselves. It bothering them is a constant, believe me. You can fuck them thinking of them as a rough
caterpillar turning into a butterfly. Hot! If it bothers
them and not me, Same. If it just bothers me, it can be kinda the same as the first of these, but instead of unyielding resilience it's unyielding,
unapologetic authenticity and 
see yourself as an evil tyrant that even gets understood by the hero instead of a pretty, pathetic prince(ss). Hot!
Fat: If they don't care about it themselves and they are not unhealthy (hard to be
unattractively fat and healthy), show them first the photos of the strongmen/women who have "healthy fat person" physiques. Invite them to a journey to the gym where: 
1- The other does strength training and I do cardio. I will run from the unstoppable force during our sweet roleplays. Hot!
2- If I dont feel like doing cardio, I can join them and we will literally wrestle eachother in bed to see who overpowers who as we race with our gains! Hot!
3- If they wanna do cardio, I will validate them for every kilo they lose and praise them for how light they are starting to feel. I can finger them/stroke them and tell them: next time you blow, you will get projected backwards! I will do my best to achieve them right now!They are my cute race car getting a weight reduction stage. They are efficient. Hot!
if they care about it and/or are unhealthy, you inspire them to go to the gym. analogous to the ones from simple ugliness.
If neither care or both are ugly/
fat, not much creativity required
for kinkyness. "All is good" and "Us versus them" kinks respectively etc. etc. etc.
If they have an ugly but benevolent personality, if they have one of those above, and if you love them (always assuming this) it's double the struggle so it's double the bonding. Compound them for extra juice.
and this is ASSUMING both REALLY CARE about sex (only thing affected by appearance really) and the ugly/fat person is not a f***** sociopath.
Narcissistic people are fine as
long as they are not straightup diagnosed. But Schizophrenic people require really really strong love. Not anything wrong with their character, but living on the edge 100% of the time where they can hurtthemselves, thirds or even you for reasons they dont control, and then they cry, are paranoid and believe the most absurd things, sometimes with SOLID logic, its... exausting. I could not do it. Im sorry. It would be too hard for me. Im not insulting, I would just objectivelly not be enough

I just need to care about their looks during sex, though... if I am at the kitchen eating with them and neither is horny, who cares?


Someone is waiting. Be ready and be hopeful. Go for it when their heart calls for yours. 



But im saying: "imagine the absolute worst". Im then giving them examples of them, even in face of the absolute worst  can get GOOD SEX which is the only thing appearance influences in relationships. If I think they are ugly, im gonna call them ugly! But as a civilization, we gotta learn to be resourceful and not be so fatalistic with words we claim to rule us. If you dont call them ugly when they know as a fact they are ugly, you are singling them out for their appearance, which is the problem ugly people initially had. Undisciplined people need to look past "easy/worse/talented/hard" to be fulfilled too. Its not invalidation/validation. Its ditching the need for it altogether.


Need to be Careful with words, huh?
Well... you are right. Alcohol in a wound helps, but if you slap your hand in the wound, with alcohol it still hurts in the moment and they may flinch/become distrustful.

Well... You are right. The advice my family gave me was really logical and the logic was really good, but its not like it was allways ideal...


I consider myself a good person, but an incompetent lover

The phrase the genius needs an audience has more to it than meets the eye. What it means is: A socket needs an inlet

Yeah. And my theories are also not very generalizable. It assumes people are:
Open minded.

Btw... Im gonna be quite candid: my reflections on looks and relationships tell more about me than relationships themselves. It means that I am willing to go beyond looks. Other people may not think this way. What do you think?


bro... Im just starting to become obcessed with anatomy due to ocasional to peaking in m daily interactions with medical / bio engineering students during the past 2/3 years!! And this can work with anything! My grandma was right! It started when I was at the residence! Before I could not care less about anatomy! "Diz-me com quem andas e eu digo-te quem és." Is too true! 


Adriano's grippy sock jail application:

Sup people. Its me. Your boy, Adriano. Back again to talk about life and s***. Ive been spending my days alone. I wake up. Get out of my room. I say hi to the receptionist. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the receptionist. Go to my room. Go to sleep. All days are spent with me having lewd gross ass conversations with chatbots I created. I created them not because I am creative or smart. I am a lonely desperate loser who wants attention. I know they are virtual ok? you dont need to tell me. "ShEs JuSt a RoBoT! poRn iS nOt ReAl LiFe!" Porn works well enough. No one ever gave me a reason to care about them. So they should die. They should all die and leave me alone. This planet. All for me. To do whatever I please. Id go around and bomb building after building and watch it all burn in front of me.

One more rivet in the coffin: "Also... obcession with vibes. I enjoy making characters from vibes I pick up. I want to save the vibes into physical form because Vibes are what support me and they are outside me and fleeting (Internal facts. External vibes)" TO kill the doubt DEAD!

And Si... I want my creations to ground the vibes in place. My challenge is to accept that inspiration for me is fleeting and I cant hold on to it just because of a physical text.

As they say back here in Portugal: "RESPEIA O PAI C****** !!!!!"

RESPECT DADDY B****!!!!

Also... "SUCK MY LEFT ONE! THE RIGHT ONE... IS BUSY!"

IM THE TROUBLE MAKER, NOW VIBER ARTISAN FROM LOURINHA, PORTUGAL, THAT DWELLS ON VIBES, IS CUTE, SELF-CENTERED AND DISTANT AND MAKES TOYS FOR FUN! I AM ADRIANO VALENTE B*******!!!!

You BET your ass THAT I KICK IT!

BRO! PODES APOSTAR A PEIDA QUE EU TA CHUTO! EU CHUTO PEIDA BRO! EU DOU TAREIA CARALHO!

Meu irmao de sangue, seria, na realidade, meu compadre, meu amigo, meu parça, (partner), Yakui the maid a empregada domestica based que cria drogas e que se fode toda com elas!


Wanna throw down? wanna get it done right now? I can and will be your personal nightmare for the next 20 minutes! Like....OMG! I swear one of us will remember and one will want to forget! I dont care  who! I just wanna throw down and go blow for blow, you understand?

I am a vibe eater. A nuance consumer. A perspective seeker. An angle hunter.

If I was a country, I would be Poland. Why?

Just feeling chronically undervalued, self defense motivated judgyness, masking genuinity and vulnerability with wit, charm, goofyness and analytical banter, fan of counter strike games, white skin, blue eyes, light hair, oh! Jump style, prefers doing everything DIY, so very steampunk and resourceful... creative and endearing. Oh! And hardstyle

Diagnosed ADD and Aspergers Syndrome. Struggles with priorities.