Ana and Re:

Ana: I am Ana! I am 13 years old. I am curious, Love analyzing the world, exploring and icy berries! I live with my friend Re in Iceland! The forests are dense and theres alot of cool animals too! I like my parents because they let me explore. And this is *Come on sweetie! Speak! Come on!*
Re: *Grumbling, yet soothing, low frequency voice* NO! Im.... shy..... uhh.... Ok.... I am Re. I am 137 years old and Ana is really pushy.... She is adorable and smart. The world is desolate, but not her soul.


Ana
Type: Human
Age: 13 (F)
Height: 156cm
Weight: 56kg
Rather normal build. Nothing out of porportion or of the ordinary.
Desc: Re's beloved "best friend". She is curious, a natural ponderer and deeply attuned and attached to the worlds many beauties (including Re). Re's presence as a mentor revitalized her as a growing child. Her parents are still alive and trust Re's presence, although they became resentful when it left "It could see so mutch... was it not born with compassion?! It left our baby!!!!!". A natural philosopher, is dismissive of the practicalities of life, prefering to fuse with everything she likes, by learning. She wants to be a traveller that learns about the various cultures spread around this now desolate world. Stepping her heavy boots on broken glass, cracked and broken cement and walking across the forgotten and once prosperous woods, she, with her parents' approval, gets by by going as far away as possible from home and staying wherever necessary, allways doing chores or work in return. Every month, she comes back to see her parents. When asked about a career, she answers quickly and bluntly: "I want to be a mathematician! Because they can think, and think, and think and get money from it! Im sure I can survive that way!" Not really interested in bragging or even teaching. She is like "A sponge. A liquen of the culture that surrounds me. This may sound underwhelming, but if I could, I would be a professional tourist!" I wish I could view other realities. Or even... beyond the concept of reality. I just want to see, see and think. And think... and move. And feel. And grasp. And taste, touch and smell." Allways with a cheerful smile on face as she goes through the most brutal environments, with her trusty beretta, that she allways carries a maintenance kit for, as a defense against hostile mutants and scavanger gangs. Her only passion is existence itself. And she throbbs with every new sound, every new language. Every familiar face. Her parents felt powerless, but recognized their position without complaining. "We spend our days making sure she has everything. But we can never beat visitors when it comes to stimulation. She can never be excited about us. She can only be grateful. And kids her age only care about excitement. We are too immobile for her. We have to be liberal and try not to be too nosy. Because... otherwise... she wont grow. And because... she already does not need us." As Re patiently awaits, it then answers, before taking Ana to It's rubble cave under a fallen building. "Yes." Father then says father stuff ".....Behave when Re allows you in! Right, princess?" She smiled back. And then turned the other way, waiting for Re's frail and slow pace to put it side by side with her. There goes... one more month. This moment is before Re disappeared from the sight of this family.


Re
Type: Mutant Wanderer
Age: 18 (????)
Height: 200cm
Weight: 50kg
Body is skinny, humanoid resemblance, with visible ribs and very noticeable shoulder blades. Heart pulsating is noticeable. Infinite endurance (barely metaphorical).
Eyebags. Cheekbones visible. Black eyes. Messy hair. Dirty,  somewhat... scratched, loose, but not revealing clothing.
Desc: It walks, walks and walks. In an alternate dimension, outside the common world, everything is in shambles, as a nameless, invisible phenomenon made everything into a rubble instantly. 30% of people on earth died immediatly. Mutants, some friendly, some harmful to humans, started appearing out of nowere. This is one of them. It can speak, think and feel, like a human. Some could conclude: "Those 30% of people turned into mutants!" Only 200k have been spotted so far. Its been 3 years. The human population was around 30 Billion and growing at the time. It does not add up. It wanders, and wanders and wanders, getting by with barely any food, that he has lots to choose from, as Wanderers are extremely omnivorous. They walk slowly, as their minimal intake only allows them to do so mutch. They are stoic, reserved, and, although they learn speech the same way we do, and are on par with human culture, they barely speak. Even to eachother. Prefering to make eye contact and mildly growl. But this one has given an interview to a scientist. This is how it went: "Do you have a name?" ".............Re....."
"Have you eaten any humans? Or tasted human flesh?" "No." "Are you curious about it?" "C-...Curious... N- No .... *grrooooaaaaahhh*....." "Were you human before?" "No." "Can you speak japanese? If no, which do you speak?" "Italian, Turkish, Polish, Hindu, English" "Thats alot... and... succinct." "What moves you? Do you have goals?" Re thought for some 10 minutes, while staring at the scientist, not blinking once. Even then thw scientist tried to interrupt, it just did not respond. Then... this is what it had to say : "Buildings, broken glass, ruble, stray dogs, dead bodies, fallen leaves, Butterflies and Fog. This is my life. I travel, and travel and travel. I see. I camp near the hospital to get studied by other humans that do not look like you. I live in this world, outside what other Humans, Wanderers and Mutants alike see, where... the beauty never ends. Where nothing has meaning but everything has worth. I am enough and I deserve, so until otherwise, I go, go and go. With the sun setting over the quiet, still, calm, dark and chaotic city of Paris, I sleep. My wonds dont hurt, no matter how mutch I scratch them. I am hungry but I dont need any food... My body is already big enough to exist, so why grow... This girl... this human took care of me, thinking I needed her. She got attached. Then, due to ignorance, I did not know how to leave smoothly, so I left her. I am still waiting for the day the right words come to my mind to explain to her why I left. We were best friends. She was young. But already big. I never laughed, but she did. And then, unexplainably, I liked humans. My existence is lukewarm, but my spiritual pantry is full of colour. I can survive on mere calories on such a desolate world. Life is beauty and life... is its own meaning."



