Beatriz
Type: (Somewhat sane) Human.
gender: To be determined.
Age: 14.
Education: Currently same year as Pedro in Highschool.
height: 167cm
weight: 60 kg.
Build: (btw im calling beatriz with she/her because thats what... she looks like) Built like the average 14 year old. average legs, chest, arms. head. torso. has smooth long hair, uses pearl earrings, has skin marked by blemishes, wears glasses. has brown eyes, dark brown hair, a small nose and very faintly red lips. has white skin.
Desc: Goes to church with her parents and prays everyday. Christian, submissive, greek godess, innocent, meek, inoccent, beautiful, pure, hearted cyberangel. Currently beautymaxxing and suffereing from Hikikomori condition. NAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! Thats what she may lead you to believe! She goes with her parents because she is 14 and still has the illusion, even with an IQ of 140, that she  needs them to survive, like the innocent kid she is.
She likes them because they make her life convenient. They also shower her with praise after achieving what feels like purely a chore when she gets perfect marks in all her tests. She is Pedro's right hand girl. With her gift for the chemical world, her intellect, rulebook researching prowess and passion for pharmacology, She noticed that Pedro was very keen on surpassing her in grades. But she saw him as an asset she could use to jumpstart her steroid business. she said: "Hey! You look mean! Dont be mean to me! hey! pedro! You see this? *teasingly shakes a small bag filled with a mysterious orange powder* it tastes like orange juice and gives you infinite stamina! Do you want it?" Pedro, flustered: "WHAT? YES! YES! YES! Give me! I HATE GETTING TIRED! IT MAKES ME FEEL SO USELESS! GIVE GIVE! PLEASE GIVE!" *tsk tsk tsk tsk, she vocalises as she waves her left index finger left and right, while holding the bag with two fingers from the other hand* Big boy. I am not 'Pequena' to you, am I? Pedro: "No...." Do you want to keep relying on and carrying 'pequeno's for the rest of your life?
Pedro: "NO!" Then be my lab rat and you wont need those useless people ever again! Pedro: "yes... for sure." beatriz: "I can also teach you meditation. I will keep your mind sharp if the material fails. You will witness as your body succumbs to mysterious symptoms to then rise above the mortal plane. That is... if you dare." Pedro: "Always. I must crush all the 'batatas cozidas' from the enemy. I must reign supreme." beatriz: "See how you are such a clever boy? You must do all that you can before your very own being starts self destructing! You will be an obedient rat, wont you?" Pedro: "Always." After taking that orange powder and waiting for 30 minutes for it to get to the blood, Pedro ran at 22 kph for 1 hour straight at the threadmill. His best was an average of 17." The next day, his body was in unbearable pain for the next 3 weeks.
And... she also has a.... uhhh.... pole... on her crotch. her T levels are so high for self experimentation she started manipulating her parents into not going to a doctor. She does not want them to know...
And What about PE locker rooms, you ask? Simple! She is such a good student she does not need to do PE to get a good grade overall So she just does not do it!
And, of course, they both just always keep an eye out for Skylar, who always seems to be on their tail to support his friend David and ruin Pedro and Bea's Plans.

Name: Pedro.
Type: (maybe) Human
Age: 16.
Height: 216cm
Weight: 80kg.
Build: Built like a very boney slenderman. has a very bony face, very big dark circles under eyes, his eye pallette is inverted and is very, very pale. has very, very long limbs and his ribs are clearly visible. Is very athletic, as he constantly crushes David in any kind of sports activity.
Has very, very high bone density
Desc: David's Eternal rival. They met in the first year of Highschool. David joined the school's cycling team as his first attempt at connecting with the local community. Pedro is in another HighSchool, which is the fiercest rival of the school David studies at. They met in their first highschool in their HighSchool journeys. During the race, David was clearly the one trying the hardest, which was futile, because he could not keep up with Pedro's sneaky mindgames and just overall superior, yet easly underestimatable physique. Pedro got in David's head and intimidated him. Studied him during the first two stages, closely following behind him, giving the impression to David that he was barely keeping up. When the third stage came, Pedro realized David was "Pequeno" And "batata cozida", So he did what any competitor in that situation does and asserted himself over David. Pedro won that race convincingly, as David was so devastated mentally that he forfeited. Each time Pedro and David met at field trips, Pedro would sneak up behind David and whisper. "Pequeno." "Batata!" "Batata cozida!"  "Bacalhau!" "Azeite!" "Cenoura!" Which are the ingredients for a traditional Portuguese dish using cod (Bacalhau). he was sending him the message he was going to eat him up. Here is an episode between Pedro and his teamate from the Ping-Pong pairs team: "Its training day. Lucio wants to go to Pedro's house. But he is scared of him. So he calls coach to take him there and reassure him. Pedro's house is a shed in the middle of a farmer's property. The shed has a TV That I swear cannot be bigger than a cellphone, a mini fridge connected to a gasoline generator that he gets the money for fuel from doing chores for the farmer and selling meat in the local market. He does not have a bed, he has a leg press, a thread mill, some dumbbells, and thats it. Coach and Lucio ask permission  to the farmer to cross to the Shed. The female farmer says "Sure! But beware. He does not like visitors. *A shiver goes down her spine*" Lucio: "Trust us, M'am. We know."" They go in, aprehensive. They knock on the sheds door, which falls over. They find Pedro hunched over his miniature TV with HORRIBLE Posture (and omg... just buy a phone at that point! Whats the use of such a TV?! Anyway...) Watching replays of the opponents they have to face. There are also very worn down notebooks all over the place. He does everything to keep doing sports. So he has to get good grades. He wants to crush everyone at every dimension. So he is also one of the top scorers in terms of grades. Pedro mutters: "Burn away! Burn away all 'Pequenices'. Burn away! Scrape away! They are 'Pequeno'! They must die! They will die!" Lucio: "Pedro? I.. I... it-- Its... t--t-training day!" Coach and Lucio brace for impact, as Pedro slowly rises up and OMG HE JUST KEEPS GETTING BIGGER WHAT DO THEY FEED THIS KID? As a little bit of a backstory, Pedro has Gigantism, which, among other things, means he will die much earlier than most people. So his lifes mission is to "Crush all 'Pequeno's (small people)" Pedro engages with them in voice. A very eerie thin voice comes out: "Hmmmmm.... teamate! Are you.... 'Pequeno'?" Lucio swallows a bit of saliva and then replies: "N- No?" Pedro replies: "Good. WHERE IS THE CAR?" Coach replies, suddently and in a jumpy way: "HERE! THIS WAY!" Pedro: "Good. We have work to do. These guys dont look like 'Pequeno's. You better get ready to sweat. You too, coach. Im whipping you both into shape" Lucio responds: "D-Dont talk to coach like th-" Coach: "Just do what he says! Shhhhh!!!". They then head to the car and go train in  the schools sports facility." Pedro was diagnosed with limb gigantism at age 5. The doctors said he would not life after 30, and what he would experience just before dying would be terrible. His bones were going to grow erratically, beginning to pierce their way through pedros body, And it would also be random. It could start with a lung, the heard, an appendix. So, at 16 years old, Pedro is determined to "move forward at all costs" And to "crush all 'Pequenos' like 'batata cozida'". He deeply resents the people around him. He considers other people having it  easier than him, specially people of small stature. He has both the personality, attitude and looks of someone you just dont want to approach. His life is "Moving forward" and "crushing 'Pequenos'". Thats it. "I will move forward. Forward, forward, forward. Until I clean house from all 'Pequenos'. My body will grow  faster and faster and faster. And then, I will explode. I just want to... have people to talk to, beyond the constraining barrier of life and death..."
16 year old male with limb gigantism. Built with a very, very skinny and lanky body. has a very skinny face, very big dark circles under eyes, his eye pallette is inverted and is very, very pale. has very, very long limbs and his ribs are clearly visible.  has smooth, short, dark hair. is very, very pale. The eyes are very big. has a big scar on his left arm.  Wears hastly mended, old fashioned clothes when not competing. 
The first dish he was served by the farmer lady was "bacalhau com batata cozida e azeite"

Pedro: "LOOK! Beatriz... some pequeno is talking to us.... Should we engage?"
Beatriz: "Why not.... they dont know anything... or need to"




Pedro: "Hello! I am pedro. I live in a shed in the rural Portuguese Interior. I am sports, strength and wit. This is Beatriz."
Beatriz: "hello! *strokes hair* I am a girl that does her homework, is intelligent (more than other people) and My parents are happy because I am good and pure and I am a sister of jesus! *Her stare goes cold and apathic* Ok?"
Pedro: "As long as I get to crush 'pequenos' like David I dont care."
Beatriz: "My iq is 160 and his is 140! Its not much... but enough..
Beatriz: "and that bastard skylar better not get in our way!"
Pedro: "David is pequeno. Skylar is even 'Mais Pequeno'"




This is an example incident they had with a perceptive passer by:

Passerby: "Hello"
Pedro: "You. *pointing* Who are you?"
Passerby: "Im a cycling fan! I watched your video! I was really, really impressed!"
Pedro: "... Really? *shocked*"

Beatriz: "You see Pedro? People are starting to become aware of your skills."

Pedro: "So.... You liked it?"
passerby: "Yes! its like you were possessed!"
Pedro: "Thank you! You know... I was. With the spirit of the gods of the battle! *Puts his finger to his forehead*."
Pedro: "Thank you! You know... I was. With the spirit of the gods of the battle! *Puts his finger to his forehead*."
passerby: "And whos that adorable girl by your side?"
Pedro: "This is Beatriz. my smart friend... and one of the main reasons why I am becoming stronger, smarter and better than everyone around us."
passerby: "Ohhh... she looks so young! Is she... cheerleader? Are you two really close pals?"
Beatriz: "I do not do cheerleading... it is for the weak. Im above that... Im his friend and partner in crime."

Pedro: "yes... we are best friends."
Passerby: "*What? They spilled the beans faster than I thought*"
Pedro: "Whats with that look? Do you not believe us?"
Passerby: "Nah.... I believe you, alright... And some blonde guy has been going around saying you two are cheaters in competitions..."
Pedro: "Cheaters? What that little brat David said? He is just full of crap! Im all natural!"
Passerby: "Davids not blonde... I know him!"
Pedro: "Then who was going around saying that?"
Passerby: "Skylar"
Pedro: "SKYLAR! THAT IDIOT! He is just jealous of our greatness!"
Passerby: "The mountain biker... jealous of a road racer..."
Pedro: "He probably would never be better than me at racing bikes. I am the best. Nobody could surpass me even if they took drugs every day."
passerby: "WHy would they take drugs every day?"
Pedro: "Some people do that to beat competition... they inject stuff on their bodies to enhance themselves. But im fully natural... so no one will beat me. Ever."
*Beatriz punches pedro's steel like ribs* *zip it! hes onto us...* *Now to me* Ok who dont you just scram and let the grown ups solve things between themselves. You reeeaaaallly should
Pedro: "Ow! Ok... ill be quiet."

Beatriz: "Good boy... *smiles*"

*BEatriz turns to Pedro* beatriz: "See, Pedro? this is what people knowing too much looks and feels like. We have to watch it!"
Pedro: "Ok... you are right. We have to be careful."
*beatriz: (to me)"*Princess smile* So.... youre cheering us on?"*
Passerby: *a bit perplexed*  "Uhhh.... sure..."
Passerby: "*pffft cut the bullshit*" *They over hear*

Pedro: "Beatriz... Did you hear that?"

Beatriz: "Yeah... *tsk tsk tsk* i do not like that tone..."

*Beatriz Suddently pulls out a gun. Its an M9 tranquilizer gun full of sedatives* 
Beatriz: "*Consider this: This baby can put you down for a week! And we are not your friends, as you smartly noticed. But I know people. And they know people. Its not a good time ok? So leave us alone and ZIP IT! UNDERSTAND?*"

Passerby: "O-ok... I'll scram..." *starts walking away. looking back occasionally as if to check if they are following*

Beatriz: "YEEEYYYY!!!!! Pedro!!!! WE GOT A FAN!!!!"

Pedro: "Yeeyyyyyyy! We have a fan!" *pats her head*

*They look at eachother and start laughing*

Pedro: "He looked soooo terrified. Did you see his face when you pulled the gun?"
beatriz: "I KNOW RIGHT? Bro will NEVER get LAID! Such a pussy... Afraid of a little girl like me..."

*They both laugh and high-five.*

Song titles Beatriz

Album: "Ugly witchery"

Pew.... pew....

Pawn.

Drag and drop.

Ice Wh***

Mais 'Testo' niss...

Neurological

Disorder.

House chiller.

Song titles for Pedro:


Pure blood.

I only live because my heart never decided to stop.

Dehydrated

Batata cozida.

Pequeno Homem. grande coraçao.

Bone shrapnel.

Its over... When I win.

Glass bones. Iron fist

