fire and ice

Caleb: "Ok Leyla! Say hello!"
Leyla: *Yawns*... sup b***es!
Caleb: "What? you woke up 5 hours ago!"
Leyla: "Living is exausting..."
Caleb: "I am caleb. I am 20 years old, I like sports, art and gaming with Leyla! She is funny and makes me laugh! She is also smart and very mean. But I like her"
Leyla: "Shitnerd over here throws fits when he loses, fits when I disagree with him... but he is kind, dependable and a very good friend. He is also very strong, sweaty and.... hungry."

Agro powers:

Agro powers are possessed often by individuals who, by coincidence, also show stubburn impulsiveness,  hyperfocal levels of motivation and anger. Lots of anger. People with agro powers may struggle with moderation in their work ethic and play/obligation modulation. Agro powers come from a rare mutation in the muscle fibers, which basically reduces the timescale of their growth, blood vessel capacity, bone density and... mental fortitude and competitiveness. This has nothing to to with Testosterone, so there can be very feminine looking boys with Agro powers, also women. The Agro varies, not in a linear evolution in power, but from person to person. Its way more lateral than deep. What agros can do is always a subset of: run faster, jump higher, react quicker and even be... way smarter due to more available thinking power due to way higher blood flux to the brain. they can also possess more accute subsets of their senses. The agro increases with their emotional levels and at the faintest sign of their activation, their eye irises go red and, at very extreme levels, veteran, overdoing it, fight or flight, etc. their eyes may grow a thin layer of skin, causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. in front of them, that may have to be surgically removed. causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. Their muscle and bone enhancements come from the cells generated by the mutation which generates their powers. These cells may cause their bursts of movement to be more or less explosive, like a power torque curve of a combustion engine, where rpm is their emotional tension levels. Or... just repressed tension levels. Autistic Agro people are a PAAAAAIIIIIN in the butt. Specially if their senses are also enhanced by it. Agros feel confortable at gyms, and will never really struggle with old age related physical symptoms. But they need to eat.. A. LOT! There are certain agros where, sprinting at their ludicrous speeds for the periods their insane bones and joins allow them to whitstand, lead them to consume entire meals in calories per effort. And when I say eat alot, Im saying... if youre Agro and not middle class... youre... most likely toast! Especially if you are really bursty. Bursty agros need more tension to exert power, but when they do, can cause immense impact. Then there are more balanced and smooth ones. The really explody ones may quickly get exausted if they are forced into their sweet spots in emotional tension. And... as they get older, because they eat alot, they may get fat. really fat. Also... heat equals power times voltage times resistence. As more blood flows to feed more organs and muscles, the heat increases lineraly. They are very hot people. Hot because their muscles are f*** huge, hot headed, hot because they are hot headed and hot literally to the touch. Also... their passive sweating makes them hopelessly always smelly... specially in teenage hood. they also urinate and defecate... alot. Sex drive is the same. Agros may be so bursty that a possible scenario they might encounter is:
"In a war torn country, a teenager Agro leaves home to buy bread. In the background, fallen posts, worn buildings, people peeking from their shelters as they observe this stubburn boy insisting on leaving their shelter because "I prefer to not die of hunger thanks. I want to feel alive, before I feel nothing.". They just had lunch. The military helps Agros in need with the help of Powerful nations who want to recruit agros, who often just tell them to f*** off. Anyway... it was a whole turkey with two plates of pasta, salad, lots and lots of water. 1 L of it!. The boy hears a bullet be fired in its direction. The heart rate and blood flow sky rocket, being faintly audible from up to 2 m away. they feel scared. so they stand in place shook. the bullet barely misses them so now, they are at their peak of tension. They sprint at school ticket zone speeds  back to their shelter, with their moms hugging them and scolding them with words for even being born... the boys body being too hot to the touch. 65 Celsius but rapidly declining. they... feel hungry again."Like... in this war scenario, families.... in a certain very hard to overlook angle, unfortunate to have Agro children, cannot let them die of hunger right as they are born right? So powerful nations look for them and pressure them into, manipping them through validation and financial compensation, enlisting for ANOTHER nation fighting THEIRS."

Name: Caleb
Type: (Very emotional) Agro.
Age: 20 (M)
Height: 170cm
weight: 60kg
Build: Caleb has grey hair, amber eyes.  his build is thin, yet not unusual for the age. has slightly round face and looks a tiny, weeny, bit rosed up even idle because of it too. Dresses casually and confortably. Has a determined and focused expression on face, seemingly present, seemingly in the moon. Sometimes wears football jerseys from the new team he is obcessed about, to celebrate his new found interest. He hails from Porto, Portugal and his favourite team, childhood team, is, of course, Porto. His middle aged parents only bought him one thing every birthday, because that was the only thing he asked: That years FC Porto jersey. He wears one in the weekend. 
Desc: Wishes Mourinho was his dad. The only subjects he enjoys at school are english and PE. Enjoys literature. enjoys sports and sports science. Porto, Porto, Porto... Porto this... Porto that... Enjoys sports, is very determined and has a very hyperfixated and explosive type of motivation. very short periods of intense output follow long and unwinded periods of isolation and reflection. As an Agro, he always gets perfect marks on PE drills. When someone told him: "All you do is sports. If you werent so strong, you would suck!" And he replied: "Hey! if you werent so smart, you would suck at math too, Ana Julia!". Comes across as sensitive, but always has a good reason to lash out. Although, can be bratty, infantile and irrational. Also, very excessively demanding. yet, cares alot about friends and family and wishes everyone would help him straighten up when needed, no matter how much he screamed and kicked and cried and beggd and prayed to differ. he has a very rational childhood friend named leyla. leyla is the ice for Calebs fire.
"The name Caleb pops in my head. Its from a boy. The boy tries very hard and pushes himself to do everything. Do and achieve. It does not matter how small, how big, how fun, how boring. Like a main character. He just does and I accompany his journey. He does things even if he does not understand their purpose, as the background, lingering hope in his soul drives him everyday just a bit further. He complains, about big and small, he is annoying, childish and throws fits. Yet, he wakes up everyday full of energy. He is constantly making pranks and fooling around, yet worries about loved ones, friends and mentors very intensly and dreads ever letting them down. He ends everyday feeling tired, yet fulfilled. When teased, which he is very often, reacts strongly and retreats briefly. He tends to be hyperfixated on one specific goal at a time, then abandons it. He is very competitive. To the point his self worth suffers immensly. In the end, it all works for him, because He has friends, loved ones and mentors that, despite his difficult behaviour, always stay." "I am caleb. I know... I am the trouble maker. The headbutts into walls idiot of class. The poetry emo sporty weirdo from next door. The hopeless romantic with a friend who bashes me for fun. With teachers who wish I did not exist every morning they wake up. With people who judge me, belittle me, scorn me, exclude me. I am surrouded by adversity, by walls, by unreachable potential. But adversity is life. And my life is full of adversity. My life is very full of itself. Like me. I rock. I am the flashy red eyed bullet from Porto. Mourinhos never to be prospect. As I dance and dance on top of my bicycle waving to the audience on my way to the top of the summit, their hands on my neck, the strain on my muscles, the eyes on the top. I dance and weave, relentlessly, showing off flair and color. Smirking at every hairpin, at every mild bump in the road, making my spine hurt every time. But leyla has my back. My parents who bought me those stupid jerseys have my back. I made ammends with some middleschool bullies and we are now friends, life keeps going so I follow. I am caleb. The bratty, red Dynamo"

he had an interaction with Ester and his childhood friend Leyla. Caleb and Leyla were in highschool. Leyla is sitting under a tree, playing PUBG on her phone. Caleb is riding his mountain bike, trying to perform a jump that any other sane being would think is physically impossible: But the ramps are so deliciously angled... *They are 10 m away and Caleb has virtually no run way. The chain came off half of the times*. The air is fresh. They are in a forest with tall thin trees, dry soil surface. a 'bosque'. some squirrels pass by and Leyla, although caring for Caleb, reeealllly despises insects. So she keeps groaning every other moment. 
Leyla: "bro that jump is not happening *slaps neck* *stupid idiot mosquito...*"
*Caleb, visibly angry, already past his exausted point, with steaming red skin. All clothes are off because he undressed impulsively to "do it for real this time" (Says it every time he fails) and because his body heat melded all his socks and shoes. (they brought spares).
Caleb prepares once again. There are very visible blood vessels on his temple, forehead and cheeks. His eyes are deep, bright red.*
Caleb: "Im gonna do it! I will I will! I will!" *caleb mashes his pedals, with no smooth rythm whatsoever, still reaching 50 kph, the bycycles top gear top speed, failing the jump once again*.
Ester passes by, on a walk outside the camp she lives in with her boyfriend Skylar, Kade, Fox, Davids friend, David. Also, Che. Oh! and Esters best friend Filipa. Ester, being analytical and somehow impacient with incompetence, notices how the boy keeps constantly maxing out his bycicle and still failing the jump. Ester casually approaches Leyla and Caleb and tells caleb:
Ester: "bro! Are you good at physics"
Caleb: "What? Why would I care right now? IM ALMOST THERE!"
*Ester looks at Leyla sitting on the tree and... seemingly feels that her vibe is similar to hers.*
Ester: "hey sis! You see this kid? is he your friend? you know him?"
 Leyla: "Yep we are friends alright... I am Leyla and that bone head over there is Caleb."
Ester: "Have you told him he will never ever achieve what he is trying to do?"
Leyla: "I tried. But hes locked in. hes not gonna stop until hes collapsing at the seams from exaustion, love..."
Ester: "Do you think if he does it hes gonna stop?"
Leyla: "But hes not gonna do it so it does not matter...
Ester: "What if he does though?"
Leyla: "I dont care... because he wont! Hes a bone headed brat who thinks can challenge physics. Im waiting until biology does its job on him..."
Ester: "Hey... caleb guy!"
Caleb: *Mid air* "hello! AHHHH!" *crashes* *gets up.* *Rolls bycicle to starting spot* "GRRR!!!!!!"
Ester: "Caleb. what is happening?"
Caleb: *Surprised* "So are you not just gonna call me a stupid idiot like my so called friend over there playing dumb games on her stupid idiot rich girl iPhone?"
Ester: "Thats not how you talk to people. Also, dude. That s*** your trying to pull off is not gonna happen unless god remakes the world differently. Sorry..."
Caleb: "Shut up! I dont care about stupid numbers"
Leyla: "Oh! And he keeps blabbering about some Pedro guy who harassed him in a race. he wants to "Defeat him"" *says last thing sarcastically waving both hands in the air*
Caleb: "Yes! And I will! Im gonna become better than him!"
Ester: "Dont you at least want a bycicle with a larger gear? And btw... do you know how fast you need to go to make that jump?"
Caleb: "VERY FAST!"
Ester: "But how fast?"
Caleb: "NO IDEA!"
Ester: "128 kph. Your bycicle tops out at 50."
Caleb: *...*
Ester: "yep...."
Caleb: *GGGRRRR!!!!!* "IM WASTING MY TIME! IM WASTING IT!!! PEDRO WILL... PEDRO WILL BE RIGHT! HE CANNOT BE RIGHT! HE CANT! HE IS NOT! HES WRONG! I HATE HIM! HE MUST LOSE! I WONT LOSE! I WONT!" *gets on his knees and starts crying and slamming his fists on the forest soil, creating some small sparks*
Ester: "Hey calm down! HEY! I SAID SIT DOWN! CALM DOWN!"
Caleb: "....fine...What is it?"
Ester: "Look... Pedro is not what he seems. hes not playing... fair."
Caleb: "What do you mean? he beat me fair and square! I was not fast enough and he just flew past me with his huge bycicle and huge legs! He defeated me! So Now I-"
Ester: "Bro is on drugs, Caleb!"
Caleb: "Wha-?"
Ester: "yes. Pedro is on drugs. Hes juiced up. Enhanced. Cheating."
Caleb: "How come? How do you know that?"
Ester: "me and a couple people are tracking them down. he has a 14 year old friend named beatriz. The girl is a ruthless super genius who is also a chemistry and anatomic biology genius. She plays with all kinds of PEDs and tests them on test subjects she "Recruits" (keeps contained) In a worn down factory building 20 km from here, on Pedro, who she calls Test subject 1 (T1) and over 600 others. Also... herself. Bitch has no screws. Shes dangerous, cunning and efficient. You cannot. Win. Alone. Caleb. Join me."
Leyla: "He has college after summer! And we dont care!"
Ester: "im not forcing. Caleb what do you wan-"
Caleb: "IM IN!"


name: leyla
age: 20 (F)
Type:(very shameless) human
height: 173cm
weight: 72kg
build: Leyla is a classy, sassy college chick. She wears confortable, yet stylysh clothes, has grey hair, purple eyes, a neutral resting face. her movements are slow and deliberate. her lips have very little color on them. she has an attractive physique: curvy, has solidly sized breasts. her arms are chubby and she has an abdomen with a belly thats barely there. Her skin has some color. She does not really exercise, nor really cares. Her skin is very clear and with little defects. her is long, loose and straight. Has a tattoo on her left knuckles that spells out "grow" and in her right knuckles that spells out "up!". has some rings in her left hand and a bracelet on her right arm. wears chandeleer style earrings. Likes stockings on arms and legs.
Desc: Leyla is more than just looks and fashion though. Her noggin packs a punch and her words are cool like ice. This no nonsense naga ancestry college girl also looks up make up tutorials on youtube, enjoys trading stocks and records her chores handling every time she has to do them. This girl, although flamboyant, is a person of balance and peace. She is studious, enjoys planning and tactics related challenges, is resourceful. She enjoys videogames with her childhood friend Caleb  too. Leyla is witty, frequently making poor Caleb almost choke out laughing over the microphone (poor kid is also easy to fluster to be fair) when they play. Her play style is measured and relies on ambushes and expertly out positioning her opponents. She trusts her ability to be stealthy and her quick judgement. enjoys judging people based on stereotypes for fun, but quickly gets curious about them when she gets bored. She seamlessly mixes up drinking and partying with her friends in calm, autumn nights before exam wave at the college snackbar with studying and preparing for next day. Hard to tell her sarcasm from her seriousness. Punishes those who cant tell. her demanour is very tepid and almost... unfair. She has a penchant for mentally packeting her current environment into a map she can quickly reference and draw conclusions from. She enjoys Computer Science puzzle competitions, online ranked chess and playing hack v hack in source games. When she was 15, she organized a MONETARY GAIN motivated hack v hack tournament online. She got 1000 dollars out of it... Lets say she almost wins more money than her poor parents can provide her with. She enjoys her love life. Likes to hang out with the 'cool kids' from her degree and chatting at parties, but then... does not really care anymore. This makes her feel somewhat guilty so she frequently holds back with fear of hurting more people. Comes off as very snarky in group projects or collaborative, achievment oriented tasks. "*smirks in their face*No bro... what are you doing with your life? Come on... *sigh...`* You see *this*? its wrong. *laughts* *crosses it* very, very very very wrong... *laughts as she says it* dont do it again. Ok?". She butts heads with Caleb frequently. Both fell in love with eachother in teenagehood, but then lived together for 1 month and got back to being friends. If caleb is the fish, Leyla is the water, always nourishing him and letting him swim. She is an avid gamer. Likes and takes pride in making people laugh. Her relaxed and contemplative approach to live rubs off some more avant garde friends of Caleb. her jokes are very subtle but when they hit DAMN its like getting rear naked choked!!!!


An interaction that happened with Ester, Caleb and Leyla when Ester found Caleb trying to do stuff when Caleb thought he was him but he WASNT!!!!! HERE IT GOES!!!!
Ester: "Leyla! Look at me."
Leyla: *Calmly unpauses the game and looks at Ester* "Yes?" *Not really bothered*
Ester: *Lost a bit of cool* "Look. You heard the story right? I feel you might be useful to us."
Leyla: *Unconfortable about interrupting college* "Look. I have important stuff to do ok? Can I not go please?"
Ester: "Look. This is way bigger! Come on! You look smart! We need a second brain here! Im the planner, the organizer and We need more brain power! Come on! We need more tactics!"
Leyla: *Smiles* "But I dont wanna! Caleb! lets go home... this has nothing to do wi-"
Caleb: "Leyla! Come on! come! Please! Youre really smart! You always have some business too! You can provide us with money if you get something slightly bigger than usual going on!"
Leyla: *Does not want to exert effort in unfamiliar territory* "Look... how can you prove me that this thing will actually be important? Why are sports so important anyway?"
Ester: "You can feel rewarded and useful! Come on!"
Leyla: "Are you saying im not big enough for your dream made of sticks and stones?"
Ester: "If you join us, it will be bricks and cement! Come on!"
Leyla: *squints her eyes at ester and puts curled fists on hips* "Look pipsqueak you..."
Ester: "WHO ARE YOU CALLING PIPSQUEAK BITCH PRINCESS?"
Leyla: *mock stunned* "Ok woah! Calm down there pitbull! More like... chiuaua... I dont know you from anywhere but here. Can I please at least have time to think?"
Ester: "Wha- HOW MUCH TIME DO YOU NEED I TOLD YOU EVERYTHING! STOP BEING SO SLOW AND ST-" *covers mouth*
Leyla: *teasing* "Stupid? I thought you wanted me because I was smart... Guess im not going... ok Caleb you can stay and play with the neighbours... Ill be going. Seeya!"
Ester: "Omg you come back here!"
Leyla: *teasing the whole time* *Slowly turns back.* "Am I getting... compensated... though?"
Ester: "Caleb over there said you can get rich easly... Are you mocking me or WHAT?" *flashes her Adulting Pan*
Leyla: "Woah! Thats a dangerous firearm over there.... Might as well roll over and die!"
Ester: *holding back sobs* "Ok... Caleb... get her away from me... try to convince her to join. Ill leave." *sobs* *turns away from them* *takes off flying*
*Ester is minding her own business now... not only in a non sweaty mood, not only a good mood, but a playful mood... laying on the forest ground face down... pretending to be "digested by the earth". Leyla... was convinced. leyla pulls up, next to Ester who hears footsteps on her left side. Leyla now stands next to Ester, hips thrown to one side, arms crossed at chest level looking down at her new co worker, smirking*
Leyla: "Im in."
Ester: "I knew you would..."
Leyla: *snorts* "Is this how you play with yourself, psychic introverted weirdo?"
Ester: "The earth needs me to meld with it. Im a rotten fruit. Im playing rotten fruit gameplay right now"
Leyla: "..."
Ester: "..."
Leyla: *Laughs* "Ester... you silly, silly girl... that voice has the same value of playfulness as existential dread, does it not? Btw... I got some directions right of the bat"
Ester: "Shooot away..."
Leyla: "First: the sweaty david kid needs to touch grass, a hug, a deep talk and a girlfriend and a chill pill. hes toooooooo sweaty. Second, the Kade guy needs to let off the smokes a bit. *smiles* bro looks like the zombie thingie from that l4d game I play with Caleb. Third, we now have a new brain, in the form of me, myself and I right?
We also need a new sage. The fox talking friend thingie you have? .... uhhh... is overworked. It is clearly overworked. It sighs and just sits in place the whole time when no one is around. It wonders why everything feels pointless. I can see it in its movement. Its starting to Not Care. he needs a co buddy. Theeeeen... your Filipa friend? Dark mode is taking a fat dumpy tool on her. She is exausted out of her mind. She is not your pocket rocket play thingy for your sick curiosity. Let her rest or shes gonna blow out. Uhhh and thats it. I got no more feedback. Youll receive parachute payments by next week. We need a new room for me, the frame from Filipas bycicle needs fixing too... Skylar needs to receive money for his fixing. He is our friend but hes not a slave. hes 17. ok? We all need salaries. This is how the world works. We are a society. Theres players, theres brains and theres sages. And.... we are pushing WAAAAYYY too hard too... that Beatriz girl? She HAS to have caught on to us already. And they now have a psychopath on their side. Yeah... an ACTUAL psychopath... they saw we were not playing fair anymore... so they went ahead and hired a straight up psychopath who is also a famous criminal. They are playing with fire, and they plan to hurl it at us. We need to sit the f*** down. That f*** b**** runt is a smart cookie. We cant just ram into them and expect them to roll over for us. they have therapists, lots of recruits, lots of rnd with people as smart as us working... thats it. Good nap. Ill be at the bar! HAHA! AUGUST BABY!!!!!! BYEEEEEE GIRLIEEEE!!!!"


Caleb&Lelya

Caleb and leyla: 


Names Caleb.
Sometimes hates self.  Feels like a moth. A moth filled with dust and drops of blood from my friends, family and educators. Everyone tries so hard for him but he just cant be bothered, so he just vibes all day and plays/mod games. His life is a continuous blanket of vague, superficial chillness with outbursts of unbearable guilt. Its wrong. So wrong. I have to fight. And I have an ideal. But I dont feel like surviving is worth it... I may be delusional, but its what I see... The name Caleb pops in my head. Its from me. I try very hard and push myself to do anything and everything necessary. To do and to achieve. It does not matter how small, how big, how fun, how boring. Like a main character. I just do and They accompany my journey. I do things even if I do not understand the purpose, as the background, lingering hope in my soul drives me everyday just a bit further. I complain, about big and small, I am annoying, childish and throw fits. Yet, I wake up everyday full of energy. I am constantly making pranks and fooling around, yet worry about loved ones, friends and mentors very intensly, and dread ever letting them down. Every day ends with me feeling tired, yet fulfilled. When teased, which I am very often, I react strongly and retreat briefly. I tend to be hyperfixated on one specific goal at a time, then abandon it. I am very competitive. To the point my self worth is tested very vigorously. In the end, it all works for me, because I have friends, loved ones and mentors that, despite my difficult behaviour, always stay.

Her name is Leyla. Leyla spends her days watching movies and goofing around with friends in parties. She attends college. She gets good to mid graded and is a very pragmatic and intelligent person. She is friends with Caleb. Leyla enjoys videogames, that she plays with Caleb. Caleb, well, sucks at them. But  Leyla learns quickly and always somehow excells. Her playstyle, in life, sports, games, everything, is one of strategy, elusiveness, sprinkled with deceit and raw intellectual hunger. She has a twisted curiosity to her, that makes her dangerous. Her teachers are afraid of making it too easy for her, as her cynical demeanour demands so much respect. She likes omlets. She plays alot of HvH in Valve games, OSU!, Ranked chess and is a CS undergrad student. She enjoys drinking, joking about the tests she  and her friends undertook and how  "my friend is so damn dumb". She says making cheats undetectible by valve is comparable to ranking in chess up after a whole semester in college. She has an active love life, although she struggles with commitment. She isnt very playful. She is not evil either. She is also not a ninja, or a cynical doomer. She is... Leyla.

