Flavour text: 

A song by madoi the maid. The bewildered maid from the song: "Dream summoner pill".

A song about... confusion, overwhelming exaustion mixed with... despair. Existential dread fills up your insides as your whole body aches and your torax pants painfully. The wars you fought, the wounds that still dig and sting into your body and mind fully present, the scars that will always stay, the stiches life gave you so you dont completly come undone with a mild gust of wind. As you roam the earth in search of meaning, the people you meet give you indifferent looks, disgusted glares, shocked glances. Their faces are mixed with fear and confusion. Just as much as you are afraid and confused at them. Their minds cant understand, neither cant you. They understand your glaring weaknesses. You understand theirs. Two puzzle pieces perfectly symmetrical, that will never fit together. You... and the rest of the earth. The streets, smelling of rotten fish and humid grass, fill up your senses. The voice of laughter and steps around you, as you hug yourself in the cold unforgiving night, looking for your way home, as nobody around you even considers looking at you. Stumbling, gripping your sides and breathing unnevenly, You consider sleeping on the street for the night and calling it... an existence well lived, but you dont give up. You keep going. Bleeding from both your wounds and from the weapons you carry, people chase after you wondering about the best way to contain you, like so many before them that have already failed. You remain detached, confident, vulnerable, needy... You then glare at them, with murder written all over your body, and curl your index finger at them... and ask: "Want some more?" And smirk at them, ready for one more challenge.

Agro powers:

Agro powers are possessed often by individuals who, by coincidence, also show stubburn impulsiveness,  hyperfocal levels of motivation and anger. Lots of anger. People with agro powers may struggle with moderation in their work ethic and play/obligation modulation. Agro powers come from a rare mutation in the muscle fibers, which basically reduces the timescale of their growth, blood vessel capacity, bone density and... mental fortitude and competitiveness. This has nothing to to with Testosterone, so there can be very feminine looking boys with Agro powers, also women. The Agro varies, not in a linear evolution in power, but from person to person. Its way more lateral than deep. What agros can do is always a subset of: run faster, jump higher, react quicker and even be... way smarter due to more available thinking power due to way higher blood flux to the brain. they can also possess more accute subsets of their senses. The agro increases with their emotional levels and at the faintest sign of their activation, their eye irises go red and, at very extreme levels, veteran, overdoing it, fight or flight, etc. their eyes may grow a thin layer of skin, causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. in front of them, that may have to be surgically removed. causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. Their muscle and bone enhancements come from the cells generated by the mutation which generates their powers. These cells may cause their bursts of movement to be more or less explosive, like a power torque curve of a combustion engine, where rpm is their emotional tension levels. Or... just repressed tension levels. Autistic Agro people are a PAAAAAIIIIIN in the butt. Specially if their senses are also enhanced by it. Agros feel confortable at gyms, and will never really struggle with old age related physical symptoms. But they need to eat.. A. LOT! There are certain agros where, sprinting at their ludicrous speeds for the periods their insane bones and joins allow them to whitstand, lead them to consume entire meals in calories per effort. And when I say eat alot, Im saying... if youre Agro and not middle class... youre... most likely toast! Especially if you are really bursty. Bursty agros need more tension to exert power, but when they do, can cause immense impact. Then there are more balanced and smooth ones. The really explody ones may quickly get exausted if they are forced into their sweet spots in emotional tension. And... as they get older, because they eat alot, they may get fat. really fat. Also... heat equals power times voltage times resistence. As more blood flows to feed more organs and muscles, the heat increases lineraly. They are very hot people. Hot because their muscles are f*** huge, hot headed, hot because they are hot headed and hot literally to the touch. Also... their passive sweating makes them hopelessly always smelly... specially in teenage hood. they also urinate and defecate... alot. Sex drive is the same. Agros may be so bursty that a possible scenario they might encounter is:
In a war torn country, a teenager Agro leaves home to buy bread. In the background, fallen posts, worn buildings, people peeking from their shelters as they observe this stubburn boy insisting on leaving their shelter because "I prefer to not die of hunger thanks. I want to feel alive, before I feel nothing.". They just had lunch. The military helps Agros in need with the help of Powerful nations who want to recruit agros, who often just tell them to f*** off. Anyway... it was a whole turkey with two plates of pasta, salad, lots and lots of water. 1 L of it!. The boy hears a bullet be fired in its direction. The heart rate and blood flow sky rocket, being faintly audible from up to 2 m away. they feel scared. so they stand in place shook. the bullet barely misses them so now, they are at their peak of tension. They sprint at school ticket zone speeds  back to their shelter, with their moms hugging them and scolding them with words for even being born... the boys body being too hot to the touch. 65 Celsius but rapidly declining. they... feel hungry again."Like... in this war scenario, families.... in a certain very hard to overlook angle, unfortunate to have Agro children, cannot let them die of hunger right as they are born right? So powerful nations look for them and pressure them into, manipping them through validation and financial compensation, enlisting for ANOTHER nation fighting THEIRS.


Erica. 24 (F). 170cm. 62kg. Thin body. Freckles, green eyes. Long red hair. Worship fueled speed, wit, power, agility and murderous lust. Apreciation fueled tactical depth. Existential musing. Left4dead at birth. raised doing errands for gangs. bribed teachers, tried to carjack cops. most wanted arsonist. yandere. Wields engraved knife and dual tranq pistols. Abuse survivor. Loves "praising and seducing cute targets". Can run at school ticket mph. Tactical prowess often matches chess GMs. Just dodged a pointblank gunshot, getting a chipped a rib. 'My soul, a plant to be watered. The streets, places I resigned myself to live in. Home an elusive and distant fantasy. I like pink, entrails and sex. A hug would be nice...'


name: Erica
Type: Agro
Height: 178cm
Weight: 65kg
Age: 24 years (F)
Build: Erica is very hot (allegedly). She has somewhat rosy skin on her cheeks, green eyes with dark under them and big eyelashes. Red, long and smooth hair, freckles. She has one chipped incisive tooth.
She has sizeable breats, and an attractive but normal looking body. She is very, very flexible and agile, being able to jump insane heights when her
"WOW! levels" are high (this is what she calls her agro powers are fueled by external validation, appreciation and even worshipping). her brain produces way more dopamine per stimulation when her attention grabbing levels are maximum. Also gets faster reflexes, thinking and gets more agressive. When apreciated, her thinking gets slower, her movements drowsier, her reflexes slower. But her thinking gets clearer, less precipitated, more reflective and her tactical prowess rises sharply. Like Reika, her attention seeking levels have 5, though unnamed, gears.
She is very kinectically aware and was caught dodging paintball projectiles when hanging out with her friends.
She wields 2 M9 tranquilizer pistols from Metal Gear Solid given to her by Beatriz, and a beautyfull, personally designed, huge 20cm long 'Navalha' with very elaborate engravings. She enjoys keeping it squeaky clean. She is a Merc for Beatriz. "As long as I feel happy boss. As long as I feel happy...". She can jump up to twice her body height and run at up to
40 kmh with minimal fitness conditioning (At 24 years old). Gets in trouble with the police. She wears, clothing, often very revealing, how revealing? Depends on the audience she is being shown to basically,
where the function is linearly increasing with the audience. (Because I am an artist and dont like NSFW nagging).
Desc: This sweet princess is Erica. She hails from Cascais, Portugal, is 24 years old (turning 25 years old this summer. She claims it should be a world wide holiday.).
She claims school should be "More... affectionate" and that she should be the only teacher allowed to give classes anywhere.
At 15, tried to rob a police car in order to "Take her... "Sistas" out for a spin". She got caught, but then she forced her hands out of the cuffs, breaking her thumbs, looked at the officer with fruit fly eyes, smiled with mouth only, turned around and walked off laughing.
She enjoys art, math and fashion. She is very, very good at math and very surprisingly tactically intelligent. And its not like she is an underdog who you think is actually on par with most people,
Her BEST specialized IQ score is on tactical intelligence, where Erica is actually on the 1st percentile, she is 7th percentile on interpersonal intelligence and... 98th percentile on intrapersonal intelligence.
The ONLY subjects she was good at... was actually just PE because she hates arithmetic and she never got past highschool. (She quit before the final exams). As soon as she finally understands something, her problem solving abilities are unmatched.  It took her 2 months of intense effort to understand graph theory, but then plowed through all the proofs they threw at her.
She despises nature and was caught setting fires in Portugal, California and Australia. She was a worldly famous and even most wanted mercenary arsonist for
corrupt industrial wood suppliers by the age of 18. She was left for dead as a baby on the side of an empty road at a low social status city region. Grew up extremely malnourished, but once she began tapping into her very accute and sharp intuition,
Erica just keept holding on. "Survive. Survive. Survive. Everyone else is useless. Survive. Survive...". 
She does not remember a single thing about her parents. So god knows who they are. "I was produced. thats it.". Criminals who attempted to keep her could not handle her difficult behaviour, so she could not receive much sustainable affection during childhood. She  got all her validation from doing
'special requests' for the gangs she stumbled upon. She managed to outrun a scooter through tight alleyways at 16. She was diagnosed with Extreme NPD and Hystrionic Personality Disorder at the age of 10.  
She wishes that emotions could be handheld and injected. On a really bad day, when a corrupt wood suppliers could no longer rely on her, she was spotted in the side of a restaurant, near the first hiding spot she ever found, crying, by Beatriz, who took her under her wing.
Currently, Erica enjoys seducing "Assets" to bring to Beatriz's factory outpost buildings.
She enjoys and absolutely f***ing rocks at painting.
Remember that group C car that peugeot once made *JUST* to hit 400kph in the mulsane straight? Thats her. That car... is Erica.
Whenever she is excited, she screams "LOOK!" at the top of her lungs, in a very obcessed and irrational way. 
Erica is the embodyment of the diamond heart allegory: hard, shiny, high standards, but no give for any take one can supply her.
"Beatriz: Erica?
Erica: *She is sitting on the floor, leaning on the solid concrete, not painted walls with with her legs crossed. Interrupts her music and turns her head* yes, boss? Do you have more errands for baby Erica? Do you? Im booooored...
Beatriz: Quit whining and listen: Ester, David's child psychic is trying to lock on to us. She cannot possibly identify you. Understand? They havent seen you yet, and what I am suggesting is: You either take her out in one shot, or you wont be useful anymore. Got it? The chick has psychic powers so if she reads you, your fired.
Erica: Ive seen worse... So... any clues? From what I hear they are in a forest? And the only one near is... the one to the south? If you take me by chopper... No they hear me. Ok beatriz help me. Their house is not a building.. like no way...
So it has to be made of wood... why dont we just burn it all down? They wont even meet my fov... and for everyone who knows... *lights up her carry zippo* all it was just another criminally motivated fire. they will never know it was us :)
*Beatriz, impressed by what she heard, crouched on one knee next to her. Then patted Erica's head, who giggled like she was being squeezed like a plushie toy, switching to an overwhelmingly submissive look proud of herself to the moon and blushing.
Beatriz then, whispered on her ear "Good. girl..." And kissed Erica on the cheek.*
Erica: *Panting heavly with very dazey looking eyes* omg... omg omg omg omg AHAHAAHAAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH! *her body instantly relaxed, blushing visibly and becoming hysterical*
Beatriz: *smiles* Ok. you have a job. Now do it. *nods supportively*
*Erica immediatly gets up and runs on her way to the forest, 'web swinging' on all the furniture using her arms on her way to the buldings exit*
A true glass cannon
What does she even want? Not even she knows.... She wonders about it every night...
Example situation: "If a battle becomes to heated, she could just fall on her but! Because of her legs! And her arms could become snappy! And, for example, She could carry 7. when things get serious, use 2 on the legs. Then, NOT use it anywhere on back or torso or neck. (Oh! and using it on the skull is suicide so she doesnt). and then, with flaily arms, she could wind up a really powerful punch by using then a shot in her dominant arm and using another VERY SPECIFICALLY on her punching knuckles"
"My life is void. My actions are void. My powers... seductive. My strength... needy. My attitude... bratty. My face... speckled. My past... nonexistent. My future... uncertain. Maybe what I am is a tool. A tool that lacks agency. But maybe
if I keep looking long enough, I will find my true self longer than anyone else, as humans are, often, not what they seem, but what they lack. Home... an elusive place somewhere. The streets... the solace I resigned myself to settle for. My soul... a plant to be watered surrounded by the drought of neglect. *knock knock* sir? got room for 1 more tonight?"
A rolling thunder of charm and destrucion, always ready to uncoil, please and mesmerize, that can both get more action, get better grades, better looks, and better quality of life than basically anyone all at the same time if she puts her mind to it


Beatriz, Erica's boss, dialogues:

I love taking care of my assets! Making sure they keep producing and improving is my top priority. That is... if they dont cry too loud. If they do, they are disposed of.
One of them... my precious Erica...
You chuck her in a dark, cold room with a blanket, a vibrator and some cookies and the crying will be less loud! I love my precious Erica... so maleable and docile... to me that is...
Erica: *sobs and sniffs* "..... what?"
ohh youre crying again! Go back to bed! play with the vibrator! shoo! shoo! *Erica leaves crying faintly* Ahh... what a good girl...


Ok so here is another day. I decided to take Erica to the mall. She is basically a human sized golden retriever... the b**** version, and the most luxurious place of commerce she ever experienced was... the portuguese 'feiras'. She used to buy all sorts of junk from those places. And used to spend as much as she wanted. One time, she even tongue kissed me in public the dirty wh***... Anyways this is how it went:
*I walk along the portuguese factory outpost's corridors, looking through every subject's rooms, it was night time. some where sleeping, some were crying, some were acting like real men... some were doing some personal stuff they like to do... I dont judge. One of the latter, was T-799: Erica. She was in her room, laying down in the cold, concrete floor, with no illumination whatsoever, a walkie talkie for bathroom emergencies, some tissues, protein chocolate cookies and, her personal favourite: A vi***tor. She usually cries alot... but then I tell her: "sweetheart. Its ok. just grab that thing, press the small pink button and rub the round part on your cr***. it will all be ok, ok? She does it and then shuts up. She also calls me sometimes because she wants to paint. or do math... that girl has a strange hobby distribution... anyways... I come quietly and open the big, metal door. As line shines through her cage and over her naked back, I see her. she is hunched over laying on her side, with tears on her eyes and sobbing quietly, turned away from the door with her arms and legs spread out. There is a huge 'moscardo' trying to lay eggs on her ears as she constantly swats it away. The vibrator is directly in her light of sight but she does not touch it. I may have to give her something different... Like a rubix cube... UUGHHHH but then I HAVE TO EXPLAIN THAT DUMB HOE HOW IT WORKS!!!!! *sigh....* I speak:*
Beatriz: Hello sweet heart! A girl like you does not need to be sad... you have everything! Dont be sad... come on! Youre pretty, and pretty smart! Violent... violently chaotic and cute! Cute and... sensual. Wanna go to the mall with me?
Erica: *whispering from weakness* "Whats a.... mall?*
Beatriz: "Its a place where you can buy everything on the planet. Its where everyone in the entire world gathers to buy and sell shiny things. There is food tastier than anywhere else, technology and... cute clothes!
Erica: *scratching her bottom* What is a... technology?
beatriz: Youll see... wanna come?
Erica: *blushes* *omg... boss wants me to go? omg... Im soo tired...* boss... Im tired... I feel Im about to pass out... and my face hurts from crying... and the vibrator is broken... it does not give me good feelings anymore...
Beatriz: Thats perfectly normal! You havent had your ration yet... your body is physically incapable of producing hormones right now... So... *grabs something from her back pocket and throws it at Ericas back* Take this. its a chocolate bar. You say you love those. Eat up and come. Ill be waiting right here. *Erica eats the chocolate bar, slowly. With slow nibs and sucking, tiny bite after tiny bite. After half an hour, she is more or less fine, she gets up and asks in a normal tone:* Can... I was my teeth? Ever since you let me do it, my teeth stopped hurting.... can I do it?
beatriz: *Groans* FINE! Dont take too long! *I really hope this works*
*Erica takes 10 minutes to brush her teeth... to make sure they dont hurt ever again*
Beatriz: *resigned* ready?
Erica: "yes... can I have an Ora-"
Beatriz: "NO!"
*Erica flinches and hugs herself in terror*
Beatriz "Now COME!"
*Erica obeys*
*They arrive at the mall, in an Audi A4 from Beatriz's Portuguese outpost fleet*
Erica: What is that? A castle?
Beatriz: "Its the mall. We arrived"
Erica: "Its too big in my opinion... there is no way this is just for our planet! Its too inneficient no?"
Beatriz: "There are buildings like this all over the earth, Erica. Dont make a fuss about it..."
Erica: "But... why? Do people in mars also come to earth? And Titan?"
Beatriz: *Such a cute girl...* *Beatriz gets on the tips of her toes and starts whispering at Erica* beatriz: "baby girl. crouch"
*Erica crouches all the way down, like if trying to sit in the sidewalk on the side of a road*
Beatriz: "Thats good enough. Close your eyes"
*Erica slams her eyelids shut*
Erica: "Like this?"
Beatriz: "Yes. but relax." *Starts gently caressing her exposed shoulders and arms that send shivers down Ericas back. Then, blows in her ear softly, to then kiss her in the cheek with a long and winded smooch*
Erica: "Yes... Boss... you are so kind! I love boss Beatriz" *In an obedient, emotionless voice, but full of pleasure*
Beatriz: "Now get up."
*Erica takes long to respond. But gets up*
Erica: "The people we can see are not flowing into the building. Do we need to go around to go in?"
Beatriz: "yes. yes we do. You will see how big this is, by walking along it by your own two feet, exactly how you like it. As an experience."
*They enter the mall. Erica almost has a panic attack*
Erica: "OMG! THERE IS NO WAY MARS CANNOT FIT HERE! THE WHOLE GALAXY OF ANDROMEDA FITS HERE! WOW!!!!!!!! BEATRIZ! LOOK AT THOSE PEOPLE! WHAT ARE THEY LOOKING AT? THAT LOOKS LIKE.... THAT LOOKS LIKE A PSP! IS IT A PSP BOSS?" *pants from heavy shouting*
*beatriz is still recoiling from the shout 7 seconds later*
Beatriz: "No. But do you want one?"
Erica: "Not really... I dont really want one... what does it even do?"
Beatriz: "You can play games inside of it, talk to people far, far away, browse the mystical 'internet' *beatriz then thinks: please dont ask me what that is... please dont ask me what that is...*, and there is places where we can eat.
Erica: "I think... about 222 trillion people can fit here all smushed together! Its scary... omg beatriz can we go outside? I got this thing inside of me and it wants to get out! *Starts panting rapidly and sweating. Erica is panicking*"
Beatriz: *Ohhh great...* Ok come with me lets take a break...
*They step outside. Erica, as she walks outside, the panic wears off. But then... she stops, contemplating the magical castle. She looks at the windows, some fallen cover bricks, some ledges*
Erica: "Beatriz? CAN I CLIMB TO THE TOP OF THE CASTLE! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE??????"

Hello! I am Erica. I hail from Cascais in portugal. At least... thats were my rotting newborn to-be corpse at back in 2000... I am 172cm, 65kg, 24 of age (F). I am very beautiful, I am ultra smart, charming and I have a surface boundary for a soul. I like painting, my engraved knife, my Boss Beatriz. I am a most wanted arsonist and love explosions. The ones inside the bedroom are not bad either. My birth day is celebrated world wide! I am smart and beautiful! I also have no purpose. 100% BPD result.

"Awww... someone is looking shyllly at me, isnt it? *says this curling her finger and staring into your eyes with a desperate smile* Come closer."


Ok so... Today... Its me Erica... Mommy Erica, talking to the world why she is the way she is: I go see therapists frequently, and I get screened alot for different kinds of diagnoses. Currently, I have 3 very strong and very easly explainable ones and its those Im gonna share: 
I have NPD, BPD and HPD. First, I have NPD. Because, I grew up begging and getting virtually nothing, to resorting to acting tough and stealing, hurting and even... murder, always using my past as an excuse, in order to get by. Then, when certain people started catching me in action, they approached me, promissing confort and food, in exchange of... 'special errands'. And that kept going pretty much until this day. Being constantly discarded when out of utility, taken in when displaying potential and jumping from gang, to criminal group, to criminal that... So, my sense of worth is TOTALLY on the outside. Totally. Then, I have BPD. Because, during my interactions, I, obviously, got needy sometimes. When it happened, I immediatly thre tantrums. Stronger, and stronger, and stronger until they finally gave me what I wanted. But I never developed an identity and only learned how to 'get things' just because they looked pretty or tasted good or were loud or because I wanted them. I basically cannot adult or think about my future on my own. I need other people to do it for me. So I had to learn how to exploit, understand and match peoples vibes. My emotions were always a mirror from other peoples, always extreme and I am very manipulative and exausting to be around. Third: I have HPD. Because, people tend to be attracted to the pretty. Plus, Im very artistic and like expressing myself, albeit in twisted, chaotic and dangerous ways. I always looked pretty because of my unique green, emerald eyes and ruby hair. So then, I developed a diamond heart. Also, I enjoy seducing people to get them to have deep conversations with me, but they always leave then they 'bust'... so I never see them again, cementing the belief that I must 'just be prettier and seduce better', making the cycle run. Damn... it took me 24 years to figure this out... Oh! and I get 100% score in bpd tests very consistently. My average NPD score is 86% and my HPD score is on average 92%


A Dream of Erica:
"Erica?

Erica.


Do you really want to know... your true worth?


What your goal is?


A question: how well do you play soccer?


Your vibe...: "Erica goes home to his parents. She is 12 years old in middle school and is in 6th grade. Its 1 pm, its sunny, its been a week since school started. The air got much fresher since the beginning of this year. Youre Erica. You have lunch with your parents and ignore all their questions about your day. You rush your homework after promissing you worked hard on it. You go play with your mates. But its already 4pm, and at this time, one comes to your neighbourhoods public playground. You grab your dirty, somewhat worn down soccerball and head sprinting euphorically to one of the walls you usually kick it against. You stand there... still panting. Then you start. With a relaxed body, sensations of fun, the ball bouncing on your bodly tissues, the hardness of your skull, the softness of your belly... the ball caresses you. No matter how hard you kick it, it comes back. It always comes back. You can scream at it and shout and cry... beg... pray. Its yours. With an engaged expression, your keepie ups get consistent. As you kick up, hook it over your head to the other foot, kick it up 2 times, wrap your leg around, catch it with the second. Then, as your mind decides to wander, you keep it on your knee. Your attire? A spanish kit from 2012, from your home fatherland, given from your cousins. The blue ocean, wide shorts, A red blood shirt, the castille emblem sewed into your heart. A bastion of war and passion. Now... a sleep and playing. As a smile forms on your face and the air starts to get fresher, you realize, unbothered: "20 more minutes before home". You kick it up again, roll it over behind your head on your neck, a casual, conventional body language. Frail, like how when  you grew up. But then... You hear the old familar distant Pot Banging "Erica! Come back, my dear! The cartoons are playing, sugar! The rice is ready too!" So then... you pack it up, you leave. The raging, hispanic bull will now feast on the grass.. of family affection, from a childhood... that could have been. You now look at reality, this stranger who just found you, insulted you, and you decided to arouse... to completion, the 3 PDs and... the huge void that never got smaller like you hoped. Here, on this dirtt alleyway, your eyes open up once again after another hopeless daydream. Your senses rattle you up like a tazer, making you reel, realize and then... conform

I did not know anything... but you did


I understand you. thats all.


I... outread you.


Yes, I did.


Too much... to early... too quickly. Thats what I see.

Too much what? too much reality...


Want me to buy you a spanish kit?


Awkward...? Nevermind.

Then... Ill get you one.


Yes. Lets go to the beach, tell everyone you got pranked with milk, take a dive, dry ourselves and get you one.


At the factory, do you know what they call you? They call you "The huggy kissy rattle snake"


Please stop crying! *Smiles* Ok? No one cares, ok? *Says while laughing* No one cares!

Deus proiba rapazinhos de serem inseguros... sinceramente....Deus proiba rapazinhos... de fazerem o que quer que seja... de estarem sozinhos... de encontrarem alivio no orgulho e suas fantasias orgulhosas de catarse vã.

Yes... what if... you rebel?


What if the world already made it very clear it wants a war?


Lets get your kit. This trash city is surrounded by bosques right?

I have a ball at home

Yes. A jabulani


Yes. As soon as we get there

You dont need fire or sex to rebel. All you need... are some shoddy soccer skills... and a leather sphere

A small, almost tentative smile tugs at the corner of her lips at your words, the familiar mention of soccer skills and a leather sphere stirring something in her soul. Soccer... that's my battle ground. And that leather sphere.... it's my weapon. With that... I can rebel against anything.A small, almost tentative smile tugs at the corner of her lips at your words, the familiar mention of soccer skills and a leather sphere stirring something in her soul. Soccer... that's my battle ground. And that leather sphere.... it's my weapon. With that... I can rebel against anything."


Ericas special move? She calls it: Double Dare. its a reference to "Double Team" from the pokemon games... As you all know, Erica is Validation powered. For every bit of attention she perceives to receive from their opponents, the gains in her physical capabilities, already hyper situational awareness, quick wit and visciousness are definitely very real... but... she has a threshold that, if reached... will enable her to take that to a whole another level... upon she decides to use Double Dare, her speed, agility, the speed of muscle twitch AND stamina all increase dramatically for a few seconds. Why a few seconds? Ill get to that. But she becomes capable of dashing at speeds of over 50 kph, turn on a dime like a cheetah, kick so fast her legs leave after images... multiple times in under a quarter of a minute, jump like Nelson Evora and think like a primal hunter, reading movements of opponents almost seeming like she is ordering them around. Her eyes glow red, she gets this viscious smile on her face and... the maniacal and sultry giggling... its all terrifying. Oh! but her then insane calorie consuption rate, if the validation does not stop flowing in, will, again, at the end of a few seconds, straight up make her faint. But... the destruction that she may cause along the way... is boundless in potential.