Very shelly, vulnerable sociopath in redeption.

Psychic Powers:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level.

Born in 2004, Ester is a natural genius diagnosed with sociopathy and narcissism young. With psychic powers, she lived like ain GTAV with cheats. She became attached to the only person she couldn’t subdue, getting ambushed and being left with brain damage. She now sees an unusual psychiatrist who guides soldiers rather than focusing on well-being. Engages in computer science and pharmacology, having invented many dangerous drugs in high school. Despite her frail body, red curly hair, and amber eyes, she wields a trusty frying pan to "adult" cringy, manipulative people. Ester's journey blends strength and fragility, marked by dark humor and a deep desire for connection, often venting deeply when unexpectedly hugged.




Ester
Type: Psychic
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 32 kg
Height: 145 cm
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything. Red Hair, amber eyes, An expression on her face that is both cynical and worn out.
Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. Likes to come outside just to judge people.
She currently claims to, allegedly, have, before, prefered to "be a sneaky stupid rat with no guts or soul who manipulates people" and that people who do that make her cringe and now she prefers to "Adult and put cringy manipulative people in their place for not adulting like normal, real, people" (its her mask).
She has one melee weapon she likes to carry around: A trusty frying pan. She got the pan from her sociopathic psychiatrist (also on a similar redemption path) Deolinda, who told her: "Look, sweetie: if there is any time you simply cannot help but be violent, instead of blasting them into oblivion use this. I made it for you. Ive been learning engraving in my free time. its a frying pan. Its old. My grandma gave it to me when I was 24. It is rusty, dusty and grimey, but you can clean it with your chemical knowledge if you want to. Anyway... if you genuenly feel like any enemies or even... any friends are being "too cringe" or are in urgent need of "Adulting", you can use it. It has "Adulting Pan" engraved into the handle... so that you really feel the responsibility coarse through your bones as you smack them across the back of the head. Take it.". Ester chose to clean it because "hey! free frying pan", but kept the engraving obviosuly.
When faced in urgent altercations, conflicts or in self defense, she uses it as a first blood /strike kind of weapon, or as an unexpected wild card, because it gets deformed, from the extensive use it has, as it is constantly getting deformed and battered into shape by someone who is physically stronger than her after the slam. In casual banter, she also pulls it out to put cringy, annoying or stupid people in their place, wrecking havoc upon "spineless people" who "get on her nerves".


Ester is a 19 year old female. Her small body looks somewhat thin and a bit frail. Has dark circles under eyes.
Her somewhat sizeable eyes are green. Her hair is curly and red, with some blonde strands. Wears large, thin ring shaped earrings. Has a face that by default tells the world: "Go away.... eyesores...". Wears big, wool, winter sweaters.




Diary of an abandoned city in delirium
This is a reminder to when I forget:
Dont be afraid to be real.

Futiliy precedes purpose.
Ignorance precedes knowledge.
Weak precedes strong.
Turn 'em around. It still makes sense.

Dont be afraid to question. And to accept. And to make yourself big, so people can see where it hurts. And to make yourself small, so smaller people can devour you.

Filipa, whenever we see each other again, I want to tell you that people dont just fear arrogance, they loathe it. Its the favourite place losers like to hang out at. And its also not because you are the arrogant one. And remember, Ive been watching you all along, and I feel a mix of hatred, regret, fascination and confusion. I am reminding you of what Adriano told you: Enemies are not the ones that hurt you in broad daylight. Its the ones that seduce you. You found that out too late when we met each other, did you not? You werent simple, or dumb. You were the wisest person Ive ever known and I still long for the day I can meet someone like you again. Yes, even monsters like me feel nostalgia. I dont blame you for rejecting my attempts at reaching you telepathically.  why are you not doing it? Are you stupid? Its pretty weird, if you dont trust me. Or... do you also miss me like I miss you?


All I have. All I have as a friend is a pest named Isa in my life. She is so cringe. She just does so many horrible things to people, and I am happy for it: my brain damage induced consciousness, although I also got psychosis on the hand of cards I got that day, is working. Something in me functions propelly. That makes me... happy.
I can tell her that what she is doing is wrong. Like a normal person. As she works in a microbiology lab, and is a Loose cannon narcissist, she puts literal plagues in my food and I dont want to even imagine what would happen if I did not see it comming. Im thankful im still somewhat sharp. She is even after Adriano. Why? Ugh... so cringe... The poor guy doesnt even stand a chance. Let me call her up to remind her: "I dont fucking know what you are doing right now, did not look at your working memory yet, but if you are plotting against Adriano, He does not stand a chance, not because you are better or whatever excuses you lile to tell yourself, but because you are cringe and the only person, even in your loser group friend of entitled idiots, that actually cares about pathetic things like dominance. Please stop being a myeloma. Hugs and kisses. Goodbye." My psychiatrist Deolinda tells me not to lash out like a loser, but she is just.... so... UUGGHHH!!!!



Ok this is me right? Ok. Isa is such a paaaaaaaaaaain... I get so full of her sometimes... but her friends uuuggghhhh... dont even let me get started on her friends. 99% of her female friends ALL speak like this: "Yas slay queen yas dump shitnerd gotta slay for that big juicy  d and that 6 pack like omg like lets go mall prowl shopping for cool guys pink stilletos lipgloss yas ladies! We gotta hunt to increase our value ladies! lets hit the gymnasium and show them our level 30 gyatts #dragonfliesyasslayqueen!" They all just sound like they huffed gaseous nuclear waste and their brains have 2kg tumors in 20 different locations! I used to be like this... its kinda nostalgic... its like looking at old people use technology... when you are a 15 year old 4 chan user. The pity, disgust and cringe I feel when I look at them makes me want to drug myself until my meat becomes nice and tender, throw myself into a jaguar cage, it refuses from the bad smell of my existence, The jaguar takes me to a crocodile, and those things are basically dumpsters, and its like "nope. this is the recycling facility, we cant ressuscitate dead cockroaches...."  The jaguar throws me into the sea, I survive and end up living as a soul surrounded by a corpse surrounded by a dead body.



Filipa never... never uses her powers. But she called me to say this: "Hey! How was that soul cleansing experience like, for the 5 seconds it lasted?" Hey I dont like your tone, I dont know what you even want now, Nor how you can forgive me, and I dont say this in a condescending entitled tone its just... like... if I am that bad for you  could you just not leave me alone and move on? Its not like I even go after you anymore. And its lasted way more than 5 seconds by now and I feel grateful for that everyd- "Ok seeya then and fuck you, bitch princess!" Ok then fuck you, old friend.


*So listen up you dead brained cave monkeys! I am your good ol princess, emperess, leader Ester! I am cute, i am original and I am genius embodied! I can antecipate any bullshit, so dont try to run! And... dont ask me how but I also know exactly what you are thinking! I am a true empath! I will get up in the morning, boot up a pirated provider of netflix. Then I will ask you, you giant monkeys, to do my entire bidding! You are bound by my words and my most whimsical wishes! You are slow and pathetic! I am ALL THAT I AM FUCKING GORGEOUS! IS THAT CLEAR? YOU COME TO MY ROOM AND YOU WILL DO MY CLEANING, MASSAGE ME, DO MY BORING HOMEWORK AND LAUGHT AT YOUR INCOMPETENCE AND ANGUISHED MAGGOT STRUGGLES WHILE I WATCH NETFLIX UNTIL I AM BORED, INSULT YOU UNTIL I RUN OUT OF IDEAS AND REPEAT! I AM YOUR LITTLE PEST! But I am also irresistble... you know you cant say no to this face... now can you? Im such an irresistible and unnapolagetic princess with pretty priveledge and Dubai personality... but its just dumb to try and escape. You will try just to get shut down, personally beatup by me as I laugh hysterical from the sadistic pleasure I get from doing it! If you spill blood before you start crying I get 5 points. If you do that and you are a darkie you get none because thats fucking expected. If you are asian, you get 10 because you are pathetic whimps!Then you will swallow down a bit more of your will to live. Just to go buy me my favourite brands of make up with your money! Just to resume working for me like the good people you are!* AHHHHH!!!!!! That was some dream!.. damn... I feel... exausted... Ok... where are the strong pills, now?...


Ive come so far... Ive faced so much agony... Is this the end? Am I doomed? Should I ask for euthanasia? I dont care if no one gets it! I get it! There is no hope for me! I am a hideous, broken monster! I may control, but I never created anything... I deserve death "Shut up right now!" FILIPA?! "Yes! Its me! I just pulled up and Im ready to own all these noobs right now! IM GONNA OUTSHINE THIS ENTIRE GALAXY! Just what do you think you are doing? Dont you have any genuine pride? Are you not the main character?! You just make me SICK with how little you are trying!" WHAT DID YOU SAY?! "YEAH! THATS RIGHT! WITH ALL THAT CYNICAL GROANING AND TOUGH COOKIE ACT! You are just so hopelessly lame!" GRRRR!!! YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME, YOU.... YOU!...."CUT IT OUT! You are better than this! You may have been a sociopath, and you have only just begun to see the damage you can make with your own eyes thanks to the result of a punishment from the universe! BUT YOU HAVE ARMS AND LEGS AND MUSCLES! AND A KICKASS BRAIN! AND a hard hitting earth shattering raging spirit. I used to hate you, then I felt pity. Now you make me sooo angry! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, WILL YA???!!!!!" Filipa!..."I may not ever be able to forgive you, but... I wont let you abandon yourself! I hate you, but Im not indifferent to what youve been through and never said that you dont deserve to walk along with the rest of humans on this earth full of fun and emotion! I would be disappointed in you, although not shocked, if you actually ended uo thinking that. Thats why Ive been watching you!" D... dont you need to know where ... I am to..." Ester dont pretend that you understand everything! People barely know psychic powers exist! I just know I can talk to you and that I am doing it right now! and then I just do it by simply believing! Do the same! Not everything makes sense! Thats the reality! Believe!" ....... Thanks Filipa. " You are welcome, bitch princess! Now... go kick some butt in life! THOSE SCARS ARE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE WHO TRULLY KNOW HOW TO LIVE! CMON ESTER! IMMA GO NOW! KICK THAT MONSTERS BUTT! MAKE IT YOUR MAID!"

I am not a manipulator. I am a predator.

Intelligence may seem overrated at first glance. It allways seems to get so much unreasonable praise. But many times people will riddicule and judge even the most common sense tactical decisions made by others during tasks, labeling it as "cheating", "cowardice" and even "incompetence" we all still fear our rational side, deep down.

We are in lourinhã. Ester is on her way back to college after another visit to Adrianos house where filipa was. Filipa had just laughted at Esters plea for acceptance, once again. "Out of here, you skunk! I will never ever respect you! You are just a shallow disney princess! rat! A shark! A vacumm! Nothing!" Ester planned for it. Even though she is training her spirit very hard everyday so she can think somewhat less and feel a bit more, to be like filipa, as her guide, Deolinda, suggested as her path to victory, her extreme resourcefulness is still on full display, as she counted and calculated, virtually by hand, all the calories, all the psychic powered flight stops and trajectories she would take on her way back. If she was accepted, she was expecting rejection so hard, that all her calculations would fall short in case of success... Anyway, she then turns around and walks at exactly 3 kph non stop until she reaches the Novo banco ATM. She lines up and flies to a very specific manhole near a bar, on the highest point of a descending street that leads to the bus station (where she would eat and sleep), as it is midnight and there is no one outside to see it. She knew she was stuck in lourinhã for the night. she gets to the manhole. She lines up again. Suddently, she feels a presence. Its stenches and it is wicked and twisted! Alive, but somehow so cruel! Its cold! And purely mechanical! Its psych2go! (First to talk is psych2go) "Sooo!!!!... Its you again!!!!!!. Missed me after I packed you up and left you to the fishes???!!!!" *Goofy music starts playing, as Ester looks absolutely unbothered... bored... even underwhelmed* "Look..
 can we like... part ways or something? I was in the middle of something... uhhh... can you like... get of the way? I dont really want to talk to strangers now... and you ruined me hair last time we met, you know that?" "WHO CARES ABOUT HAIR???!!!!! I AM BACK IN BUSINESS! AND LOOK WHO IS WITH ME!"   (Lucia appears behind psych2go, just tall enough to cover her) "Really? Bih you sure are flaky.... how did that pile of white gunk and sewer pudding end up enlisting you to their army of losers this time?" "JOIN ME! WE WILL RULE THE LIGHT AND THE SHADOWS AND WE WILL LOOK DOWN ON THOSE WHO DEFY THOSE WHO WANT EMPATHY! AND COMPASSION! FILIPA WILL GET WHAT SHE DESERVES!" "Leave filipa out of this! She has nothing to to with you! You remind me of myself! *spit!* I think I am sick now! Now... OUT OF MY WAY!JUST TAKE OVER THE WORLD IF YOU REALLY WANT IT THAT MUCH! I DONT ACTUALLY CARE YOU SEE?! I just want to head back to college now, ok? I am wasting precious essential calories here! So MOVE IT! YOU CANCER! GGRRRRR!!!!" "What if I dont?! Are you really going to face me here? What if the people get caught in the crossfire?!" "phfeh! Only idiots need to make such a mess to pack you up! Im gonna do it right now wanna see? WATCH THIS! YOU TOO LUCIA, YOU DOORMAT!" "What the hell did I do?" This is said as the goofy music ceases and Helios from Yakui the Maid starts playing and Ester charges up all her pent up frustration while glowing white as she breathes calmly to get a good feel for her own power so she does not let go too soon. Then she BLITZES AT PSYCH2GO! THE DREADED MONSTER COULD NOT EVEN FOLLOW! AS ESTER STANDS RIGHT IN PSYCH'S FACE, SHE PULLS BACK HER ARM(she is using her psychic powers. Its like she is controlling herself with a remote. That is the essence of psychic powers. They can be visualized as a wave of infinite strings that can be allocated and used at will with limited energy and intensity) WITH FULL FORCE AND RAMS IT THROUGH PSYCH2GO's HEAD SO HARD THE BONES ON HER HAND SHATTERED! BUT SHE ALSO MANAGED TO GET HOLD OF PSYCH2GOS HEAD SEED, ITS MAIN SOURCE OF POWER AND THE ULTIMATE INGREDIENT FOR ITS REGENERATION, AND WITH THE OTHER ARM SHE CHARGES A THROW AND CHUCKS THAT SEED SOOOO HIGH INTO THE AIR! ITS AIRBORN, AS SHE MUSTERS UP ALL HER COURAGE WHILE IGNORING HER PAIN, USING ALL HER POWER TO SQUISH THE SEED WITH COMPRESSED AIR! THERE IS A 15 METER BALL OF COMPRESSED AIR IN THE MIDDLE OF LOURINHÃS MAIN PLAZA AND SHE SQUEEZES AND SQUEEZES AND "WRRAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!" AND IT BLOWS UP! ITS LIKE THUNDER! And the seed.... is gone. She lands in the ground. Now... with the monster absolutely laid out to now be fed to the worms and the starlight speckled and fresh air of the night raining on our little cynical powerhouse, she then walks over to it, crouches, pats the monster with her... pan and says, mononically: "Target... adulted". As psych2go drops dead, she looks at Lucia and is  like: "*tsk*....." and... just walks off! Lucia says "You... have broken bones!! get to a doctor quickly! you ha-"  "I know! I will go there when I feel like it! Now disappear and quit nagging me!" And Ester flies away to the bus station.

I see a person. A person who is pragmatic. Smart. Resourceful. A person who reads the environment with boredom inducing confidence and clarity. They know what to use. What to rely on and what to ditch. They leverage the environment and circumstances. They are dead eyed in front of opportunities they value. They show no mercy or hesitation. They show no kindness, when in front of chances. They are straightforward. They are like sly foxes. No one notices, or even cares about their presence, until these especimen have an open goal in front of them. Then, they realize. Too bad, because any witnesses already had no chance by then, until they are at the top, until they get the job. The flag in the ctf lobby. They have no brute strength or raw skill. They despise straightforward work. The entire world is a huge, yet simple system for them. They never achieved anything with raw effort, or experienced consistency induced confidence. They have an ad hoc approach to every task they encounter. They are also weak in any kind of talent. In a world where critical damage is triple of base, average people with their achievments have 70 base damage. Their critical hits are random and few and far between. This person has a base damage of 25. They crafted a life where they only have to rely on criticals. They slot into any situation always with the right approach. They calculate and try to predict. They are warm blooded predators of opportunities. Or parasites? You decide. They are doctorates in the art of luck, allways appearing at the right times and places, surprising all. Do they work hard or not? You decide. They are part of the environment. Even when quietly acknowledging own victories, they dont brag. There are no surprises out there. Or any anywhere and ever. Human is but a thinking reed. Think hard or get bashed into oblivion in a whim. They are agile, but fragile. They hold onto each ledge on the huge terrifying moutain with everything they have. Thats when they are straightforward. They analyze and know every ledge 5 steps ahead. Cant afford to lose one. Or you will surely lose everything. You called her. She replied: "Hello.  Its Ester in the yard. What do you want that you cant do yourself? I feel non existant. I am a dream.
But.. I eat the bare minimum, right? So why do I still feel the biggest hole? I may be 19 with the body of a 12 year old, But this dark abyss is the size of the universe itself. People like me should not exist. No one that exists should not be like me. A tumor of the blood. A hunk of undetectible tissue that just... exists. I survive, yet, I am not sure if I live. I barely hang on to this supersonic train, with human muscles, limbs, arms, hands and nails. I hang on to a crack that luckly appeared when a tree feel on it yesterday. My entire life is like this. How... am I alive? Am I... still alive?"

Psychic People can have special moves. Special moves not born just for the sake of being special moves. They are a strike or protection or whatever that is used in extreme stress or emotional imbalance. Rage... well integrated or not, Obcession, Sadness... and always has a target and it is always deployed due to negative emotions. 

Ester has Neuroblast. Neuroblast is conjured by Ester by mustering up all of her bodily energy and bringing all her focus to the psychic organ. The psychic organ then, as she focuses... may have to sustain up to 2/3 minutes of non stop high charging, all her accumulated calories start getting consumed... during this time, she also maps out all the targets that will be affected. Then... after all that time... She lets out a 5 second shout, letting out the psychic blast, sending intense beams of energy to all the targets' brains, hoping they are powerful enough to cause serious brain damage, overstimulating and disorienting the target, frying all the neurons in their brains, and even different regions of the brain to contort and shift, causing them to completly lose shape, mush out into pudding and make the victims brain into brain magma. The victims will die 90% of the time. If not, develop some really nasty stuff like dementia and alzheimers. After this, Ester will collapse, under nourished and will then, if not plugged into fluid in an hospital, or fed.or something, have at most 5 days to live until she passes away.


Name: Ester. 21 (F). 32kg.147cm. Diagnosed with NPD and ASPD at age 5. Frail, tiny body due to a lifetime use of energy greedy psychic powers, only to destroy and control, often in brutal, cruel, ways. But at 17y of age, Two girls jumped her, giving her brain damage, which destroyed ego and caused long term, erratic identity shifts. Pungent suicidal ideas. Cynical, judgy, void-like look. bashes "cringe manipprs" with her "Adulting Pan (TM)". Powers allow for manipping of fluids, body hormones, reads & changes of verbal memory, thoughts, frying brains and making destructive air spears & blasts Survivor trickster. Sly cheater. 167IQ. Long red hair. Amber eyes. Huge tsundere. "Sorta" into hugs. CS UG in NOVA FCT, Portugal
