Psychic Powers:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level.

Filipa
Type: Psychic
Age: 21 years (F)
Height: 174cm
Weight: 80kg
Built a bit like a Mewtwo.(She asked us to put that here). She has jade, retinaless eyes, smooth, black hair, her face is somewhat chubby. Her body is composed of a somewhat strong core, relatively muscular and sturdy legs, and somewhat built back muscles. The rest is average. She wears no jewelry or accessories and when not doing sports, she wears a hoodie and cargo pants everywhere she goes. She is devotedly straight edge. She has 3 favourite cuddle touch spots (I wanna say kinks but....): Her left ear, her abdomen and her left pinky toe.
Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, very binary when it comes to picking between hedonism and being responsible. Has a life peppered with incredibly coherent and smart moments (when 'feeling like it') mixed with some one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother and is plotting for that goal every day. Filipa is the average height for her age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation on working them out. She trains her core a lot because she wants to protect her future baby. She has several obsessions: Programming, Physics, Football, and moving really fast and for very long. People who spot Filipa look at her like: 'Damn... can't just stay still for like... 2 seconds?!' She is not just resilient or gritty: she is rubber-like. Mentally, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy and impulsive. Most of the time, she looks like a goofy young woman who is completely unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Easily teased. Easily stressed. Low defense, but very blunt. Gets annoyed at 'casuals' who don't fully understand the complete nuances or know all the details of her incredibly niche and specific interest pool and internal worlds. Unintentionally insensitive. Low self-awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Non-conforming. Easily mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Can't control them very well. Used to be good but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, word choices, and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest-level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectedly healthy sleeping habits for a , restless, programming junkie, autistic girl with severe ADD. Comes off as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, inflexible thinker. Straightforward. Bisexual. Had a crush on everyone in class for almost all of middle school. Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. 'I'm right until I feel like admitting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone.' Has enough kindness to spare for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following, deep inside her heart. Sometimes genuenly thinks she is the "QUEEN OF THE PLANET OF THE EARTH!!!!!!!!!" with no sarcasm intended whatsoever. Very observant. A childhood full of teasing and perceived denial of individuality, but every day woke up thinking: 'Let's do this.' Tsundere side character turned protagonist.
She is into a weird relationship dynamic she claims to have invented called: "GoingBlow4Blow": (all of this playfully) basically... you try to find weaknesses in eachother and compete against them and, if the other goes down or is vulnerable, you get em up, dust em off, ask em : "you good to continue?" and resume if yes (or tease them... it depends), as she calls it "Throwing hands" again. And vice versa. Because of her taste and biases, assumes the person can "Take her on". The objective is to keep the game going for as long as possible. Anyone can surrender at any time. The one who surrenders has to obey the other and if there is no org**** yet, from this point on, its basically about making it happen as quick as possible.
"Either they win or I win. Makes no difference. If I am getting squished, punched, and squishing and punching and digging my teeth and getting bitten, wether by life or someone else... omg I always lose my MIND! That is my kink. That is my life. That is my vision. That is my ultimate goal". Resorting to her psychic powers is, for her, always an afterthought. if the partner cannot compete, she will default to being a switch.
And my god its like this tough cookie cannot physically stay still! she is also planning to music. She plans on creating samba mixed with post metal rock using software she will buy with job money and a guitar she will learn how to play! Like.... lighthearted, summer ass, contemplative cafe ass that then switches to metal, punk rock anger.

As I move through the wet pitch with blistering speed with glowing green eyes, my body runs supercharged with adrenaline and curiosity. I tackle, get tackled and feel the meat of my enemies. I dribble with chops and raw speed. I run so fast I can pass to myself. Then... I get crushed. My oponents look intimidatingly at me. I smirk and point back. My inspiration is Ben Arfa. He only trusted himself. But I also pass to my teamates when they are sexy like me. I also make a deal with them teamates to allways rail me after the match porportionally with every goal we score together. One goal, at least 3 humps (or more if we really are into it). As breakcore and brazilian funk ring in my head  wether its in an actual pitch or an empty road in those 40 celsius heat summer days, I either crush or get railed by bigger (or even smaller) boys and girls. I dont discriminate! As people utter yelling "THE FREAK IS IN OUR HALF!!!! STOP HER!!!!", 2 strides and 2 chops. I am 1v1. I lift my strong leg. I pull it so hard my body contorts. There is hunger radiating through me! I feint... I move left. My teamate shoots. The rest did not matter, as he was a carrier of really high quality and yummy meat. We got destroyed that game. We still had the orgy. My god I spent more calories and water there than in game! I love life. Specially when you can do programming puzzles and optimize my brand new algorithm: gonad fluid stack sort!

My second happiest day wearing a jersey was when I scored my first goal in a club. My first was when... well... it was full crowd, We were facing the Benfica in my age group!. We were a third division team. It was a friendly! We were pumped! almost no one from home even bothered to show up. We were focused and confident. I gave them my main character speech and got out of the lockerroom! We are in the pitch. we do the little cheesy circle sports cucks do or something. Then the game starts!!!! They are the home team so they start! Their monster forward moves with ruthless velocity! our keeper was barely awake! And he scores! Wow... they took 5 seconds to score! And 5 seconds its just the max time coaches gave us to think about the more complicated plays! So anyways, me and some teamates ran up to them and joined their celebration! We belly danced and gave a huge show! It was so mutch fun! After that game, that we tied, I got the number of that beast they call their forward Carlos! We went on a date. He is also a poet! What a beatiful man...

GOD that bitch is trying to talk to me again. "Hello, Filipa. Its Ester here! I miss you. So much. Please. Lets have lunch or something! Please! I need to see you agai-" No thank you. Although... she is not even looking at my thoughts unsolicited anymore... who cares! I wont forgive her!

I have a monster in my basement and its name is George

alcohol is as deadly as water, because both people that drink one and the other end up dead

I was unintelligent, untalented and unoriginal. Then worked myself into a mushy paste, then rebuilt myself with my own two hands full of cuts and gunk. Then was veered as a genius

Horny software inc.

I was a comedian. Then I stop laughting and started crying. Now I am a poet

I sometimes just feel like blowing up all my friends into chunks of organs, muscles and nerves

ben arfa failed because he was too good

ask me how many fucks I give and I will tell you: less and less everyday

I gave a bottle full of my squirt to a homeless man and told him it was water. He asked me for more the following day.

oh yes drop the fuel inside those two bombs of yours right into my face!

whats the size of my tits? Its double D, for dick detonators

I joined big men on a soccer game when I was 12 and got deliciously destroyed

I love being bissexual. I have more options for stress relief

I made files that build a binary tree with all my squirt jets sorted by acidity in every 2 am hot night I have had either alone or with one of my current toys

one of the boyfriends I had when I was 15 told me that I was not weird, as was common belief among the other suckers at my class, because God decided to use me as a lab rat to test new features, but because when I was a child, I triped and fell face first into concrete, damaging my beautiful brain. Never heard sweeter words than that ever since 

I am the f****** main character of this bitch, ok?! Im so awesome that I just dont leave my room because the sun would feel my heat and loop through every single physical state 3 times and end up in the liquid one. Yes,  youre damn right I can melt that hoe! Also, If you saw me wearing a maid costume right now, you would be the one serving me, you understand?

The OS of my porn collection manager plays beautiful punk rock in the background while I rail myself with and to tasty bouncy meat. It has more bugs that my hair after I went to my girlfriends house one time this summer. Its sorted by peak volume in feminine voice frequency.

This is the story of what happened when Filipa got a fixie road bike from her parents with  a gear ratio used in pro cycling time trials. So her parents, have been thinking about this for a while... and Filipa never knew... they hid it well from her... and so because she never knew what they were up to, she never bothered reading their thoughts. But... after Filipa completed 3rd year of college having only missed 1 subject, they got really happy for her, because the money they had been saving was not in vain. They said: "Filipa: throughout all of your current college journey, we have been speaking with your previous teachers and psychologists about your tastes... and obcessions... to know you a bit better... you are always so reserved... and we found out... your sporty vibe, your nerdy computer fixation, isnt it you, little tomboy?... and... we have a present for you!" Filipa: "But I dont need presents! I already have everything that I need! Im too old for presents!" But... what if we told you... that we saved up 1000 euros that you have at your disposal at right now... and... suggested you to go buy... a road bike? You know... one of the first introductory things you used to say to therapists in sessions was that your current mountain bike is "too slow"... right? That it does not let you go fast enough... you can... and because we are letting you choose, as the independent person that you are... you can choose model, color... 1000 euros is enough right? We cannot save much more... but its what you... are you... Filipa: "Mom! Just... thanks... so much... thanks... B- But... JUST GIVE ME! GIVE ME! GIVE ME! I WANNA GO BUY! I CAN HUG YOU LATER OK? THANK YOU! You know me so well... You really do! *gasp* IM GONNA BECOME KNOWN AS THE "FIXIE MOTOGP GIRL"! Im gonna buy a black fixie! to match my hair! AND IM GONNA RETURN BY RIDING IT IN THE HIGHWAY!" Filipa? "Yes?" No. "Fine..."
*So then filipa went and really bought it! This Bike allowed her, impossible for any typically fit person, to, in theory, reach over 70 kph with only some mild struggle!* Filipa was finally riding it... she got on it... "WOW! ITS SO LIGHT!" then tries to shake it appart with violence "WOW! it does not even squeak!" COME ON! LETS KICK SOME ASS! *She then starts stomping on the pedals... with visciousness... accelerating...* "Ok... what does the speed say.... FUCK! ITS IN MPH! I DONT FEEL LIKE DOING MATH NOW! FUCK IT LETS JUST FLOOR IT!" Filipa then started flooring the pedals into submission! She then rolled into the street, quickly gaining speed "Ok... its time to achieve... the legendary meme". She knew a school nearby. There was a cop too! She knew... it was her chance. She put on a mischiveous grin and waved at the police near the school, who were monitoring a radar camera they had set up. also... it was a straight... and the kids were all in recess too! So... she stopped... the bike. then got on it again... pedaling... with immense force! She gained more, and more and more speed! She was absolutely LEANING FORWARD! Grinning maniacally, almost aroused at herself for what she was doing! She accelerated more and more and more! She went by the speed camera, and as she did it, she yelled: "LOOOK!". And the veredict is: 67 kph! No doubt about it. its... school ticket speed! in... a slight incline too! Filipa then... had to pay a SPEED TICKET! While riding her bycicle! The confused looks on the cops faces were the best part for Filipa, delightfully taking in every detail in their expressions... the kids gripping to the school gradings... mesmerised that this huge legged girl managed to get a speed ticked riding a bycicle... they then went back to their educators... in syncronicity, to tell them about the whole ordeal... the educators simply dismissed them though... but yeah... thats what happened



"BITCHES CALL ME MOTO GP!"
"IM YOWAMUSHi ROSSI, BASTARDS!"

I want to gaslight one of those more serious and reserved kids until they believe that they are gay like me and that everyone was already able to tell

I was in this bus, and my day had been really stressful. So, usually, I take the two vibrators I carry on my cargo themed backpack, light em up and rub them in the sides of my forehead to relax. So that is what I did.

Sigma baby momma goals:

1- Get a man.
2- Seduce it.
3- Let it impregnate you.
4- Leave it in some ragged halleyway.
5- wait for your cub to hatch.
6- squeeze it out.
7- Baby momma!!!!!
8- Worth it????!!!

I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother. 

Ok, so I was with this gurl just chillin the two of us with my boyfriend from that week. ( they were such simps oh my gosh... , but one of them was really cute, strong, smart  hard working and open minded. The other was like a really that dumb tamagotchi that is really clumsy but also charming, a hard worker and shy. I loved both of them. ) We arrived home after kicking the absolute ass out of some 3 idiots on the local pitch. (the boyfriend is a fucking tough ass duracel, my guuuurl made absolute killer passes and I am the genius elite striker.) We arrived, and it was dinner time!!!!! So we sat down (me and bae) at my bedroom. She asked: "Ok you said wait until home!!! Can you take me to pound town right now???!!!!" I said : " Dinner first, ok?" She yeellled: "Buuuuuuut I waaanaaaa!!!! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!!!!!!" I said: "Calm down! You are specially desperate today, you know?" Now, with an even more rough and screeching, piercing tone, she yelled: "But I was salivating throughout the whole way!!! I was just thinking about how you scored all those goals and you were really amazing and I love you!!!!!!" I said: "You were amazing too you know? And that other loser was also untireable!" She said: "Buuuuuuuut!!!!... You are moooooore better!!!!!.... Ok he was essential too... I love him too... Can I f*** him too?" I replied with the most badass, hesitant, voice cracked speech delivery ever: "After dinner, ok? And value yourself more. You deserve it." She suddently got a serious expression in her face, very diferent from her terrified look she usually has. She replied, as the rooms lighting and way she shifted her head made the top half of her face a darker shade, with a smooth, deep voice: "B..But I suck! I f****** suck! I dont want to live with myself anymore! I love people! I love helping and making them happy! I dont like living without people! Why cant I live with you???? Dont leave me!!!!!" I took a smooth breather and said: "What about you? You are a person, are you not?" She replies with a sarcastic jaded tone and her usual one, mixing the two tones: "Eeeeeeeeeeeehh....... not really!!!. I dont care about myself! I hate myself!! If you think you are healing me, you are wrong! I am not like you! I cant stand being alone! Thats why I am not self aware at all! And a complete dumbass! Those words are punishing! They hurt!!!! Dont say that ever again! You leave me and I snap into a billion addictions I swear! I do volunteering because people are important! Im not!" I said: "Is that so... well... but you have to at least tolerate yourself. Do you promise you can do that? Because people are not forever, you know... Are you religious?" She replied: "Yes. How do you think I get sleep at night? I think those commercials are really really disgusting! Dirty! They tell you that you want this! You want that!  You want whatever, whenever, howmutchever... What about them?????!!!!! When do they get stuff?" I asked again: "Did you understand my question?" She replied: "I said that yes, I am religious... what about it?" I insisted: "People are not forever. Do you get that?" She was speechless. She got an angry face and pulled back a fistful of rage. And started punching and yelling repeatadly with unhinged cadence and face, with despair on the voice: "SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP!!!!!!!!!!!" She then started crying her lungs out like a grieving animal. After ten minutes of agony, she got tired and collapsed on the ground, asleep. She woke up in the dinner table after sleeping for 1 hour. My boyfriend and I were done. I had yet to heat her food up. It was chicken pot pie. My boyfriend loved it. I thought it was kinda mid. She had not tasted it yet. Reflexively, but calmly, as soon as she rubs her eyes, starts eating up. her face was red. After eating for 10 minutes, She gets up and goes to the bathroom. She gets tricked up by the placement of everything. With the previous soft voice, but now in a calm and softly spoken manner, mumbles: "Where am I?" Omg she was looking sooooooo cute! I could almost devour her! Anyway... she continues, still calmly: "What house is this? Was I kidnapped? Have they tortured me? My head hurts... Wait!..... A-" She instantly switches to panic mode, her face goes pale, almost dead like, she then looks in every direction. She breathes very shallowly and quickly. She pisses herself. She looks at me. Her face goes red then... just stands there. My boyfriend and I approach her calmly. When we get close enough, she sucker punches me and my-boyo-boy. Boyscout boy said, calmly, slightly off tone: "Remember me? Im Filipa's dirt rag! You are Filipas favourite doll! We kicked their asses! Remember?"  continues "We are your threesome buddies! Oh and this is Filipa!" Points at me who is pointing at me simultaneously. Me and princess awkwardly stare at each other for like 10 seconds.( This was tense af frfr ) It felt like approaching a wounded wild animal. She then comes to her senses... and says, coming back to the jagged and screechy voice she got us used to: "OH... S...S...SORRY!!!! M...MY BAD! ARE... YOU O...KAY? PLEASE DONT GO!!!" WE ARE STILL F...F******, RIGHT?" I amusingly replied: "You dirty, dirty, dirty girl... yes. But you gotta outlast this guy first!" Cumbomb points at self, all proud and shit, with a huge, idiotic looking grin on his face. Can you take him on first? You can.. ri-" She snaps saying, like a scared squirrel...: "Me and the loser are on the same team, right?" The loser points at her, all cocky, and says with the most badass aura surrounding him: "You betchiam, screechess!" She starts hyperventilating, and after 5 breaths, she stops, and then looks at douchekid. She stares at him with blunt-shroom-esque eyes for like 6 seconds, rushing then at him, taking him down. She shakles him to the ground, with her hands on his wrists and her  shins on his thights, looking at him in hunger. She then starts making strange noises. Gets off him, with him looking awkward and shy (so cuuuuuuute!!!! They are like my two little pets. I wish they could have had a fight... I wonder who would win... He is cocky but is also clever. She can be persuasive and is taller. He is a boy. She is in gymnastics. He is mentally strong. She cries easly. He is heavier. She is more nimble. Who actually cares though, it never happened so it does not matter anymore.). I am bored so Im just gonna finish this: We had the hottest fucking threesome in all of the Earth and she came 3 times, He came 4 and I came 2. My room smelled disgusting after. It was so much fun! Goodbye!

When we are together, every struggle feels like vague nonsense and I get lighter than air. Please abduct me! Please kidnap me. Please! Take me with you!

"So you think you are the main character, huh?! Very funny! No one is the main character! In this world we are all pathetic! Just accept it! Like... you cant even prove you are the main character!" No...  no i cant. But YOU ALSO CANNOT PROVE THAT I AM NOT! So I will just believe it! I will believe it and crash into every wall that appears in my path filled with a burning desire to become awesome! And I will actually become awesome! Im not gonna just stand and hide behind a screen like a office worker! Im not gonna hide from pain behind layers of abstraction like a stupid dumb philosopher! I wont hide behind sarcasm and cynnicism like a talk show commedian! I am not gonna achieve awesomeness to just have it! Because I BELIVE I AM THE MAIN CHARACTER SO I! AM! THE MAIN CHARACTER! AND WHEN MAIN CHARACTERS DO MAIN CHARACTER SHIT, EVERYTHING BECOMES POSSIBLE, MILLIONS OF COLOURS SUDDENTLY FILL EVERYONES EYES AND INCREDIBLY BEAUTIFUL THINGS HAPPEN! IM NOT GONNA ACHIEVE, DISSOCIATE OR CONQUER! I WILL BECOME AWESOMENESS ITSELF! I AM FILIPA!

I watched my neighbhours flock of sheep feast on my dead rabbit.

I am the Sun melter

birthday bukcake

teenagehood at 20

I walked on top of the sun and survived

Heavy C**ming

Cream C**k Sandwich

blow4blow

sporty like a supra, heavy like a 'bishi, fast like a zonda


One for a very cocky girl: "So anyways... I score my shitty tap in right? So then... what Filipa, the queen of earth does is, stamp on the ground with her dominant tree trunk leg, like stomping on an ant, then point down. 'stay down! SHUSH! STAY DOWN' Walk away pointing at that spot. Trot to a camera, blow a kiss do a bit of hip dancing grabbing my own hair, then smile in a cocky way, spelling out "LGHF (let girls have fun, a popular meme on my socials)" On the camera using a very think lip gloss I carry with me just for this specific ocasion."

Filipa! you hear this? The man says that YOU SLAY! Filipa: "What else was he suposed to say?"


Omg people are so ANNOYING WITH YOUR GAYS AND TRANS AND LGBTQIH TV HD 1080!!!!! I AM more of a LPHF kinda person, ya know? As in... LET PEOPLE HAVE FUN!


You bet. Next up is filipa! A hyperactive  dynamo psychic with a persona mixed with goofy and edgy with one hell of an attitude. She is bi, she is teasable and she enjoys going blow for blow with whoever as long as they keep up! Dont get too close (she can pick locks remotely with telekinesis so it does not really matter... also she is not really repressed, she just really loves f***ing. And she takes no prisioners!). She enjoys programming, bodybuilding and sports! She is somehow both kind and aloof, loves asking weird ass questions and analyzing people, is curious, both braindead goofy and philosopher deep. She has difficulty adulting and is a huge brat. She wears hoodies anytime she is not playing sports (excluding showers and beach but thats about it!). People complain about what they perceive as childishness, recklessness or even arrogance. Wherever she goes she always has the look of someone who has genuenly already seen it all! If she feels you dont give her enough affection, she will come back home and rage journal about you, but if she then hears knocking on her door, because she is so hyperfixated on everyone she has  met or spoken to during the day, specially you, she will drop everything and... "Omg... these flowers....they are ugly! *adjusts them* My bed is a mess! *Speedruns making her bed, fetches drinks, fetches food, makes table* *Opens door while looking like crap* *Its... the mailman... with the playing card set she ordered like 2 months ago*. Also... she is 21 (F), 175cm, 78kg, very muscular on the legs, somewhat ignores arms, built back and core. My god she looks like mewtwo! Legs are soo out of porportion with the rest... Thats what she wants though so..., She wears cargo pants, sneakers, hoodies, has jade retinaless eyes, small nose, always has a distant aloof look on her face which is absolutely different from how she engages with people, with her witty, visceral and raw charm. Playful and clumsy. Very upset at "casuals". Very distracteable and teasable. Has received lots of complaints from the people she speaks to that she is way too....blunt and raw and bordering on inconsiderate sometimes (and many times, even if only trying to have fun, very inconsiderate). Ok I think thats all



Filipas special move... is more... specific. Its... also... only related to football. Its... the self-pass. Whenever her team is awared a setpiece in their own half, Something that the other teams never quite expect is... what Filipa does when the team decides to award her the honours. 90% of the time, Filipa just sends a long ball to one of the wings and runs to her position like usual. But... what she sometimes does... is outlandish: Know magnus effect right? When a soccerball is kicked using backspin... it kinda floats in the air and the forward speed hogs quite a bit. So... what Filipa does is... get like 2 steps of runway, then kick the ball... REALLY low! Like... straight up kicking the ground. And then... she runs forward... to catch up with the ball! She kicks it! the ball swirling in the air... at ludicrous speed and Filipa... catching up to it below... sometimes running at up to 40 kph to do so... And it works and results in highly dangerous and precarious situations for the opps... because... she can just run that fast! She then catches up... usually when already very near the big box of the opposing team. She usually receives it with her chest... but if she is feeling confident... she once receive it... with... a leg! And... rules speak when another player passes to an offside player. but what if the player that receives it... also passes it? Its very risky... it requires it to be early in the game, for the opponents to be caught off guard when it happens and not tackle her and they have to be too rigid to be unwilling to concede fouls... the only real way to stop her once she gets going, as football players... the last time I checked they cannot fly. Its called "The self Pass". She pulled this off... a total of 6 times too...