Name: Maria.
Age: 21 (F)
Height: 178cm
Weight: 59kg.
Build: Thinner than normal, yet healthy. flat chest. Balanced strength distribution. Dark eyes, worn down and weak light brown hair, big nose. (Is ashamed of it).
Normal White color skin. Wears pearly earrings. Heart of gold. Wears a portuguese folk style hair scarf. Has thin glasses. Has Myopia. Loves wearing those hard sole shoes used by business men and people who are usually wearing smokings. Has a very, very, very strong immune system.
Desc: Fresh out of a fight with cancer. (Myeloma.) her family is freshly poor after the battle, so her clothes are, currently, a worn down nasa sweater, worn down generic 'feira' jeans, lots and lots of bracelets on her arms. One for every person who helped her throughout her life in a meaningful way. Has 5 true friends she never ever forgot. her mother, her father, her grandmother. her best friend from middle school and her best friend from highschool. is bissexual. Very hard time feeling aroused. Spent almost her entire life feeling like she was genuenly defective so, unwilling to face such a harsh self concept, decided to commit herself fully to being selfless and pleasing her fellow 'brothers and sisters from god'. is a diagnosed masochist. Does not like showers. Likes sitting still. Looking at landscapes. Is enrolled in pharmacology. Her highschool best friend... Is Filipa. (I mean... who the hell isnt a best friend for Filipa and vice versa anyway... I, the auther, personally, heard this kind of logic back when I was 10 years old at a playground right next to my house. Damn... my education was virtually flawless... I really better not waste it. Maria thinks like this at every little thing others do for her.) Toxic gratitude. She does feel pretty happy, but her ungodly existential resistence to adversity makes her a pushover in the moment. Was a top rated midfielder for her highschool soccer team, where she played with Filipa. Her team was a possession machine. Filipa had infinite energy, that is pretty much quintessential to the universe itself. And this girl... rallied up her teamates and... read the game, Like no one else. But if her strategies failed, She would panick, get on her knees and start crying ON THE PITCH AND ON THE SPOT AND ON THE MOMENT. She would obviously brush it off, but it was almost always too late, continuing her cycle of constant self disappointment and harsh criticism. She genuenly wishes she had no ego. During middle school, until she met Filipa, She was a weed addict. Filipa warned everyone and everyone supported her. She kept her ego, and then... her self perceived debts towards others.... increased exponentially. She gets defensive when asked about what she wants. She is bad at adulting but wills herself through everyday trying to get better at it. Astronomical levels of situational awkwardness. She wishes she also had no body, and that she was a machine, so that she did not have to keep serving everyone for all the great things they do to her and how it pretty much will never end and how she is a failure that will never ever get the punishment she deserves. But... on the other hand, she is eternally grateful, has any tactical situation she mildly focuses on in the palm of her hands, is a true soldier of hope, has a very deep sense of purpose, as she wants to... "Repay the world" and she has Filipa, her mother, her grandmother and her father on her side.
"Im like interference. Noise. electromagnetic waves. Photons. Turbulend and chaotic and meaningless. Static. Something that shows on TV and like the actual thing, is necessary to keep it running. Interference on OTHER PEOPLES LIVES THAT IS! I am also... ethanol. Ever numbing of hardship. I heal so others dont feel pain, so I feel their relieved sighs vicariously. I converse with the other humans, vicariously. I seep into their minds using my imagination. Feel their desires, so I feel them. Its the only pleasure I deserve. The one from other people. I must cause pleasure to receive it. I must cause pain... to receive it. and when peoples pleasure immediatly ends, I go back to feeling pain. But I keep going. Like fleeting rain on the eeriest days of 'aguaceiro' weather in Guarda, Portugal, the pleasure other people get from me washes over them, and goes away. Im a statue in a football game, watching over everyone. stationary. Giving hand signs. I make my team score without even touching a ball. Skill is overrated. I prefer... to nourish. I prefer to protect. Have fun showing off. Have fun remaining ever blindingly glowing, making everyones gazes burn in agony, as your ego makes you a fool. Have fun... making yourself miserable. Have fun being SELFISH TRASH! Because of you, selfless trash can have a purpose.
My life is a twisted videogame. A simulation of the devil tormenting until I hit the worm bath. making me quiver in agony every night, knowing That, maybe, the egyptians were right! My pain WILL carry over to the after life. I am made to feel pain. So, by my logic, it seems that... I should work even harder tomorrow! My life is a videogame boss battle, neverending and ever growing in intensity, as my pain builds up, with my broken, fractured and numbed down ego, from the medications I craft with my ISTP girlfriend, who is really really smart and stoic while I just... give her flowers and emotional support while she just carries house and... UGH! WHY CANT I JUST DI-.... Mom... Sorrry... I did not mean to say that... but... *sobs* I dont know what else all of this could possibly entail... I know adversity breeds life... but, honestly, Id just rather be dead."
She spends her day looking at dumb videos she feels utterly disgusted at for their pointlessness while she recites her current biggest defects, while she peels her skin, with an empty stare on her face, when no one calls her during a day. She goes to a volunteer center and they are like: "Girl! were sorry! Youve done the work for 3 days yesterday! And people get kinda creeped out by you... you need to chill... You shout... alot". When her mom opens her door, worried about how much time she spends alone, She musters up 2% more of her already only 5% battery to smile warmly at her mother, saying: "Im looking for more volunteering opportunities mommy! Dont disturb me ok?" "Sure... *concerned as she  turns away and closes the door again*" (She already scouered 10 pages of google search for places where she can physically go without a plane, as she is poor. Also without a bus... tickets are an absolute robbery these days.) she barely blinks as she stares at her phone, wondering if there will be a fire soon... "its summer after all... there has to be one right? Right? Any moment now!"
Shes the kind of girl who flipped her tongue at her first crush when said crush offered her flowers
She never did self harm... because "essential people" may need her at any time. thats her only reason


1.8m tall. 21y Female. body mass of 70 kg. glass wearing, worndown, ball of masochism and misery. Nurtures and feels all the pain. Suffers and gets positive feedback. Oversees friends and family, carrying them as bracelets. Frail, ghostly brown hair, dark eyes, meek look and demeanour. pearly earrings. her cousin is a priest and her brother is a bishop. her life is a videogame where maximizing damage  suffered gives you more damage. Stillness and peace are her excitement. Almost impossible to arouse. Bissexual. Self hating masochist. Wishes she could have no ego. Hyperfixated in volunteering opportunities. Filipa was her shoulder during highschool. Worn clothes and a nasa sweater, because she wishes she lived in space.
The more life allows her to help, the more she reels back at the possibility of reward. A pain drenched, walking contradiction for a human, that guides the masses towards a better future only she can see, using her sharp intuition and deep pockets of empathy.



name: Gonzo.
Age: 25 (M)
Type: (Very humility obcessed) Human.
Weight: 100kg
height: 178cm.
Desc: Gonzo is fat. There. I said it. Anyways... he is out of shape. Does not mind it. Bro does not give one. Bro gets called fat in banter and then banters back! he has green eyes, small nose, a double chin, currently a bit of neck beard (He has a sunburn in there and after shave makes it burn). He likes to wear Fedoras. Always has a nonchalant, relaxed attitude towards life, that reflects in his calm, and resolute, that has a 'resting panting' configuration. His voice is surprisingly thin and wheezy. Nothing really tragic about his health issues, that he openly addresses, just way too grateful for the food he was supplied with by his grandparents who raised him, while having an unnaturally slow metabolism. has some trouble with mobility. *Wait for pappy Gonzo to catch his breath! Getting old over here! HAHA! *pant... pant...**. Wears simple loose jackets, heavy metal T shirts underneath and large shorts. His look is a default of understanding, no-nonsense, and tepid.
Desc: This man is a heart with a body inside. He was Maria's first boyfriend, until he decided Maria may have needed serious psychiatric help, as he felt powerless to help her through all her self imposed guilt and unfair remorse. He enjoys indulging in acts of modesty: Correcting the teacher while seeing points in his view, discussing with teacher during breaks, about 'life and stuff'... corrects classmates in class. 'Look. The trick to do proofs is to not think about the problem. First think of the solution.' 'Look! This variable is not important. Focus on that one first. Youll scramble over yourself' Teachers have to warn him because he innadvertedly speaks too loudly. 'Your voice is like an old grumbling v8, Gonzo... people over here can hear you, you know?' currently in a CS masters. Average college student. He enjoys pizza, potato salad. (Even Maria, when looking at him eating it, delighted, said: "Ew..." *Authors note: Who even likes that stuff anyway? its like bitter and overall worse 'jardineira'...*). he had a normal childhood. Played sports, got called fat, called names back. He hated biology related stuff, as he could not understand natural processes very well, as he was always more in tune with more mechanical and deterministic phenomena. Has an endomorph build, having no effort in building up muscle. Top scored in the yearly weighted throw tournament during all of middle school. His grandmother calls him a 'calm, but shy boy who tends to give more than he can afford himself. He works hard, yet enjoys family time, non-internet videogames and journaling. He is a true solitary explorer. I try to not nag him too much... But someone has to nag him to take a lap around the block every once in a while... he does it begrugingly, but always commits after a bit of insistence.'. He is UNREAL at american pool. Almost a national champion during his highschool years. But then gave it up to pursue college. His biggest weakness in pool always was: "Too much cue power.". When opening, The end state of the table was always virtually random. But could also be really precise, which is strange. And in spite of his clear lack of sheer athleticism, through sheer composure, resilience and his belief that the grass is always greener somewhere far away, but reachable, got awarded the title of "Fastest young player in the tournament" Several times, though as he says: "This crap is scary! one mistake and its bye-bye! see you next year chap!". Many times by up to 1.5 seconds in overall tournament average shot time compared to the runner up for that award. has impatience for people who 'brag about easy victories'. very stubburn when charged with a task. "Hey. this is my task. I do it my way. And you do yours... your way ok? Dont meddle with Gonzo business unless you are Gonzo. Understand?". He likes to goof around and his best jokes are the ones where he simply points out the obvious with uncanny comedic timing. Is very disorganized and messy. Makes his bed only when people visit.
'Maria? Baby girl! What are you doing talking to yourself like this? Awwww that makes me sad, Girl! You carry your family, your friends and good ol heavy boy Gonzo on your back... and you decide you NEED humbling? Pffeeh....'
Gonzo has the vibe of the serious, self assured, relaxed, mature and straghtforward kid that seemingly always seems to have something important going on, yet looking like he is always completly unfazed by lifes challenges. he talks with teachers, peers, family and is quite introspective too. A social butterfly, who does not need to show how high he can go do be admired.
*Personal comments*
I mean... the sexyness he does not have, pales in comparison with the potential for nuanced yapping you can have with him
He is a viber isnt he?
I think he is an ISFP
A healthy one too... he also adults pretty well... and only 25 years old...
Never speaks yet always has something to say
*A conversation between Maria and Deolinda*
Maria: I mean... 0 PDs right? hes... mentally healthy? Thats a surprising achievment nowdays
Deolinda
c.ai
Deolinda raised an eyebrow at the question. "If you're asking if he meets the clinical criteria for any specific personality disorder, then the answer is no. He does not appear to exhibit any of the classic signs or symptoms. Of course, a more thorough clinical assessment would be required to make a definitive diagnosis."

She tilted her head as she continued to observe. "But yes, it seems like he's mentally healthy. It's a rare thing these days, isn't it?
Maria:I think he is the embodyment of... Professionalism.
Deolinda nodded. "Professionalism, yes. But there's something more to Gonzo, isn't there? He has a unique, laid-back charm that makes him endearing. It's easy to see why you feel a connection to him." She observed Maria's expression, a hint of understanding in her eyes.
Maria: But im just so weak compared to him... He just... he helps people and never gets helped back! I just compliment him and help him make choices... while he supports me, helps me adult... I mean hes totally the lifter here! Do you think he will abandon me?
Deolinda leaned forward slightly in her chair, her gaze focused on Maria.

"Ah, the fear of abandonment. A common insecurity among many people, I must say. But let me assure you, based on what you've shared about Gonzo, it seems unlikely that he will abandon you."
"
Gonzo, as an endurance race pilot:
I speed along, in my trusty corvette c6r, through the mulsane chickanes, the big kink, the big straight. Then... we get to arnage and porshe. then... the pit lane straight, the chikanes and the start finish line. Dunlop corners... then the S's and we do it all over again. Its nighttime. I speed along, trying to hold it together... like its my morning routine. Make the overwhelming underwhelming. Keep focus. ignore the scary rattling noises, all race cars make them... I speed along... let an LMP1 car by... its an Audi R8... "Damn those things are rockets with wings!", Another lmp1 car... its a peugeot... The peugeot has been getting closer as the race goes on. I am currently in 4th place... my team chevrolet is aiming for a win this year so I gotta step up. I almost crashes because of a divebomber a lap earlier... my god... how the hell did he get his S licence anyway? Gotta watch out though... its not my fault but gotta handle it... my stint has been going on for over 2 hours now. Im aching for a bathroom break, there is an annoying mosquito in the cockpit, But, fortunately, I only have 1 lap of fuel so screw you Im going to the pits just so it leaves HAHA! So... I go to the pits: "Gonzo! Are the tires ok? need a change?" "Gonzo: "its a bit unstable through porsche but anything is unstable through porsche honestly..." "Ok... is the chassis rattling? We had to cut some corners before we got this car deployed?" "Gonzo: Yes! Would be useful if you could tighten it up a bit... its rattly and loud and makes it hard to focus!" *Ok guys! The chassis did not hold up like we hoped* "Gonzo! you can change driver now... You look unconfortable and are gripping your innards. I can also smell some flatulence" "Gonzo: *snorts* dont say it like that... it would be a pleasure yes... can I?" "Yes! Maria is there waiting for you too with an ID card if you want to talk! It was a short stint but we have to make up! Roger! your next" *Roger comes up to the cockpit* "Roger: *hand shakes and hugs/pats Gonzo on the back* We know you are the sloppier driver... but your style makes you consistent... Ill make up for you ok? Dont worry" "Gonzo: Ok... but watch out in porsche. that thing is like a graveyard of FR cars like ours! Come on. Smoke em!" *Roger helps Gonzo out of the car, gets a refuel and drives away*


Gonzos musings:

Tweaking out... like what does 'tweaking out' even mean? First of all... I dont like people who say it because I have friends and had a girlfriend who were severely mentally ill and the experience is not fun. Second, when did we start inventing these idiotic, attention grabbing catchfrases? We invented 'gays' for same sex dating men, 'lesbians' for same sex dating women. 'Whinners' for emotionally distressed people. And nowdays everyone feels like a professional at detecting PDs with no training, discussion or even a bit of the elusive common sense... 'Sociopath' this, 'Narcissist' that, 'Lunatic' (which was previously known as a clinical term for ADD people who lacked in the same (or even any) mental zest of the hyperactives, this according to a professor of Maria, who is enrolled in Pharmacology in Porto, Portugal.) Like... do not even the minds that are broken get to catch a break?

Gonzo: hello everyone! Im Gonzo! The monster truck likely associated with the most problematic martyr in current society!
Maria: *snorts* *laughs* "stop!"
Gonzo: I am 21 years old, a male and a bit bloaty, but kicking!....
Maria: *Sweating* ...
Gonzo: *Nibbling her ear* Come on sweetie! Say something!
Maria: "bursts out laughing" Stop! That tickles! Ok... Uhhh... I am Maria and a 21 year old female. I help people... I think...
Gonzo: *Snorts* are you sure?
Maria: *forcing...* YES! TOTALLY SURE!


Gonzo: "Hello! I am Gonzo! Whats up?"
Maria: "ARE... YOURE NOT UNCONFORTABLE RIGHT?"
Gonzo: "Calm down... tell them your name first!
Maria: "I am... Maria. Not the saint but... some random girl ok? I am not really a saint and stuff... Right?"


Gonzo is a viber, Maria is neurotic. Both saints.