Her name is Isa. isa is a 20 year old, college aged young woman who is aproximately 169cm tall and weighs 67 kg. her appearance is rather muscular, yet not very defined, she has an overall attractive sillouette, slightly colored skin both from genetics and a tan, She has dark, smooth hair, grey eyes and wears chandelier like earrings. She always has a cocky, evil, snare that just tells people: "I will put you down whenever I feel like it. And if you dont stay, I will put you down again, again and again untill all your will power drains from your body and you give up on all that you ever wanted... Now... for a description


Isa is a 20 year old college student that is very clearly a pathological narcissist. She is unlimittedly judgemental against those who she perceives as useless or lacking in "spine" or "fitness for society", calling them "degenerates". This group includes people she perceives as being "goth", "emo", "Artsy", or simply just a bit more reflective than your fully normalised human. Isa has no patience for "Artsy bullcrap" or "Shitnerd behaviour", "weakness", "theoretical witchcrafting" or simply "thinking like a shitnerd". She is currently enrolled in a portuguese top tier college, getting a  biomedical engineering degree, (hating all students from computer science, culture and restoration, social studies, art history or something that the prototypical human would perceive as "people oriented"), that she affords... all... on her own... and during her college life, that started early, at just 17 years old, she played out several borderline criminal antics against the integrity of the college environment, herself and even her peers and educators. This included releasing a microbe that a lab she worked on, (yes, still at 17 years old), as homework she was assigned to do, so she could give them a report on it as a trial. But instead of doing that, she saw something interesting: "Ok... this is a virus... viruses are gene carriers... whats the gene for aids... ok... let me see..." And when she spotted a group of nerdy kids just minding their own business playing yugioh, she... released it on them, running away in the process. She was fined 25k euros that she just... paid off. She can afford all this money because she lives on a mansion... all alone. She was born in portugal, in a village in the north, with her grandparents, as her mom and dad did not want her. Then, when her grandparents started becoming too weak to take care of Isa, she moved back to her progenitors' home. There, she was taught prejudice, malace and abuse, both in theory and... practice. Yet... she got attached to this mode of living, and specially to her mother, as her dad left the picture early. No one knows where he is to this day. her mother... kept treating her like crap and projecting and crap... to then leave her... on her current mansion. Isa had to PAY her mother, Not the other way around... PAY her mother... and that meant... at 13, becoming as smart, capable, strong and independent as possible and quickly, so she could find a job. Nowdays... all she feels is hatred and violent whims during the day, and during the night, she fantasises about insects crawling up her legs, up to her head, as the night goes on and on. The insects are drowning her, drowning her... drowning her... never quite up to her head ever... they just keep going... the despair in her skin growing sharper and stingier... never being able to help herself from crying and whaling throughout the whole night, to not be heard by anyone... neither inside this huge mansion, nor outside of it. She... hates emos. because she thinks emos are ignorant... She was treated like an ignorant for her whole life. People in campus who talk about her while she overhears, tell her how she is a "Gutter trash bitch princess cruel monster", a "Violent, sadistic plastic, drugged out, plastic explosive with no soul"... That last one is because she is frequently caught in class fidgeting in really unsettling and unnatural ways... hyper like crazy... her yellowish reddish eyes, her pale and yellowish skin... she always shows up to class heavly intoxicated with drugs she buys with part of her money so she can keep "SLAYING LIKE A QUEEN YAS SIS!". 


Isas football celebration:
She just scored! After scoring, what she does is sprint euphorically to near a stand, pointing her finger agressively... somewhere, also taking it to her lips and shushing the spectators with disdain, still sprinting. Then, as she gets to the stands, stars running along, with a hand being used as a mock ear funnel, shaking it slightly. then... after a couple seconds, Isa slows down and starts strafe walking, air shoving telling them, with her body language: "Settle down, gentlemen... Isa arrived."

Isa:
Type: Human
Age: 20 (F)
Weight: 59kg
Height: 168cm
Build: Attractive body, exercises regularly, makes sure to not build as much visible muscle as possible, does mostly... just squats. wears typical rich girl clothing, wears pants that funnel bottom up. Has a worn down face, very much so for a 19 year old girl. 
Has noticeable dark under eyes and always a cocky, confident smile that says: "If you dont stay down, ill make sure of it!"
Desc: Is enrolled in the same school as Ester. Is her self proclaimed best friend.  gets over with teachers to get better grades. Enjoys showing off jewelry that she buys from the high end job she got even before college. Enjoys praising colleagues to "build networking, sis!" Considers, as a biomedical engineer, art "for clowns" and music "for depressed emos" and psychology "lazy people lies". Considers people with dyed hair "Goth freaks" and people who simply wear black frequently "Depressed emos". Had an abusive mother and zero father, Her mother, who Isa admired and who enjoyed living with as she "was so wise and smart", until, at 13, when she got left alone in the huge mansion she grew up in and got setenced to fending off for herself, even having to provide for the mother who would ask her for money monthly. She always represses her own emotions at daytime, as she does not even allow herself to throw the usual fits narcissists throw because it would "ruin my reputation, babe!". "I gaslit a child into believing they are gay. Then gave them the 10 required steps to start hating themselves." "I made them learn how to make their intuitions be quiet forever because they were denying my wisdom at the moment!". One day, she was in bed, the usual constant mental battle to not hurt herself, as she battles being lonely, narcissistic, having no real friends or any real emotional support besides shallow praise from the complete strangers she has as co workers and friends, feeling like "hmmm... is human skin tasty? way better than... shut up! your beauty sleep isng over yet sis! gotta slay 24/7 all day sis! 27/4 in a week, 356 hours a day, 24 hours a year,.as she right now cries with loud whaling and painful screaming that she cant even hear herself produce over the pure, raw, stinging, full body psycho somatic pain. She once spread a disease the lab she worked on was experimenting with at the time  that was suposed to be sold to the saudi government as a torturing device, in the campus she studies at , because "a fatty I hate got away with it!"  what, you ask? "She did not greet me this morning, and then she got a better grade than me!!!! AND SHE IS AN ANIME ENJOYING GOTH FREAK! EW!". At night, all she can see is herself surrounded by millions of insects. In the day, her enemy set is converted to the complementary of herself. the colours invert as the pain drowns her thoughts, emotions. Ester is the only one that gets her , even if Isa is not aware of it.

Persona.
Name: Isa. 170cm, 59 kg, 19 years (F). A diagnosed NPD and HPD. She has big breasts, naga skin coloring, an attitude problem and a big void, not in character development, but in connection. If she had 1 person. 1 person... her mom, who left her alone, at 13, in a huge mansion. Isa had to find a job with her... luckly gifted in resourcefulness. After a near death experience due to an overdose she justified as "grinding for slay queen status yas", where she bunched herself full of all kinds of drugs to "slay harder", in order to prove others wrong about her character . Self destroying ball of misery and horrendously misguided validation seeking. A silly girl at her core. Barren wasteland. Now... beyond too real. 

*Author notes*

One thing that clearly stands out if youve had more than 1 or 2 encounters with Isa is: she... CLEARLY... Hates emos.

I think I can already explain that, 1 year after coming up with the character: There is this concept in Jungian psychology called the Cognitive orientation. Introversion/Extroversion. Introversion refers to inner contemplation and organization. Extroversion refers to gathering of info and conforming to/acting upon the world. There is also this concept in graphical processing that is a framebuffer. The frame buffer is a constant and changes from aplication to aplication and is software enforced. So the graphical processing unit has to do 2 things: gather frames into the frame buffer, and process them as they come. It has to do both in a balanced and even manner for the game to run smoothly. It has to generate frames just as fast as it processes them. If the gpu finds itself running out of frame buffer space too slowly, the game will run slow. And if it runs out of framebuffer too fast it will... also... run slow. Its the same thing with people and their cognition: if they gather information and explore and experience too much at once, it will just overwhelm them and they wont be engaged at all, and no new intelligence will be constructed. Yet... if they find themselves underwhelmed and with too little to do, they will start bogging and bittering down because of their futile contemplation and excessive self loathing/pity/grooming. Now... going back to Isa, Isa, although she could never quite grasp it consciously, even now during her redemption phase, views emos as the way too contemplative part. The reason she hates emos then, is not because they simply are emos, its because Isa has always had this lingering and pungent feeling that people will never ever try to understand her. In her mind, the world is forcing her to accept that she is a bad person through and through and that it will never change no matter what she does. Ignorance. Isa... loathes ignorance. She thinks emos are ignorant. Always in their head, always reflecting, always doing stuff that isnt productive or that matters. But then... Isa is also ignorant in her own right, as she dives too much into the big frame buffer spectrum, as, because she cant stand experiencing too much at once, she then adults too much at once, acting upon the world in often shallow, destructive, misguided and excessive, unecessary ways, becoming just as ignorant as she thinks emos are. At least emos... dont actively seek destruction like Isa does... right?


Then, the frustration comes from when all she does is "slay", and adult and achieve and dominate the weak but... her life , at some point... just stopped moving. Her innerworld... stopped evolving and is now rotting into nothing. Thats Isas true tragedy.

Name:Isa. 18(F), 165cm, 67kg. Toned, strong body, visibly colored skin, red eyes, straight, black hair. fancy earrings. Masks herself with a sadistic snare. Agressive, violent, has NPD & HPD, extremely judgemental. Grew up with GPs, moved out to rich BPs' mansion for more stimulation at 9. Learned abusive parents' behaviour. Dad left at 11. Mom left at 13, Isa forced to spine up, fend off alone AND pay mom montly. quickly gained a truly cruel, bleak view on life, yet quickly gained wit, a practical mind and began muscle training to gain admiration. "Gold-plated corpse". Emotionally neglected. blackmails. gaslights. Sins with self and others. Drugs self to "slay" more. College @ 17, severely alone. Entitled powder keg


Now... a Couple moments from Isa: 

The diary of a dark witch:
Hi sis'!!! This is Isa! Come say hi! Also leave your address and social security number in case you prove useful/in case I WANT YOU (DEAD). Also put here the money your house is worth and me in the the testimony of your richest family member! We are all brothers and sisters, yaaassss?

Ok so There was this emo SHITNERD, Adriano who was really getting on my nerves. I just came up to him and said hi, like a normal person. I know he does not even know who I am but... why is he wary of me??????!!!! its HIM who is the school shooting black wearing  anime watching nerd shitnerd loser weirdo emo weirdo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, not me!!!!!! Anyway... I started flirting with him in the cafeteria and DAMN ITS SO HARD TO MEET HIM!!!!! GRRRR!!!! FOR FILTHY AUTIST TRASH HE SURE IS FLAKY!!!!! HE SHOULD HAVE MORE DISCIPLINE THAT LAZY COWARD!!!!! Sigh... some people just should not be allowed an actual citizenship when they cant even be normal and predictible... anyways, I started calling him smart and strong, because I had been scouting him as a valuable asset for a while now and he is very insecure about those things... sigh... having vulnerabilities sure is dumb... anyways... as I am the only girl that loser talked to in probably a year (as his closest friend is a girl and she lives near in his hometown of trashy, closeminded simpletons, such a pathetic shitnerd... i HATE HIM!!!!) He does not even know I had an abusive mother... how dare he even blush when I am near him... I know I am irresistible, but coming from people like him its kinda disgusting ngl... people like him should put their dick back in their trousers sometimes... He barely speaks when we have conversations, but thats because he does not want to ruin me with HIMSELF (as it is narcissistically expected of him. Him speaking to me its like... you can even be narcissistic next to him and god will forgive me... he had caring parents... I know I am probably projecting, but my momma was not a shitnerd like him. And my daddy probably knew a better asset to invest in than my family, that shitnerd. You know what? My mother is also a SHITNERD, THAT JUDGY TOXIC SHITNERD!!!!! But also no, cuz she is my momma and I love her... wait do I? Anyway) I ask him: "Do you stutter and feel embarassed next to girls?" And he answers: "Yes. How do you know?" IN THE MOST NONCHALANT TONE POSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW DARE HE DISRESPECT ME LIKE THIS??????!!!!!!! BUT THEN, Ester, my idol, also spoke to me on sisradio (she has telepathy) in that second!: "stop wasting your time on him. dont be a snake, you spiteful, buthurt coward. Lets have lunch over where I am. Ill send you the required memories for you to get to me. Leave the shitnerd alone. Come. Or ill leave you stranded in the sea of lonelyness you spastically are trying to keep yourself out of drowning on. You will dig yourself in further and further. Until you cant take it anymore. You are not a sociopath like me. You are a narcissist. Your actions are taking a toll on you. You unconscious beast." That basically meant: "your killing it! but you will outshine me! So come to where I am so I can praise you" which did not make me angry at all. Sooo... I roundhouse kicked the shitnerd in the head and knocked him out!!!!!! Then I left!!!! Ester said something else after that: "You myeloma...." Which meant she called me cancer. How dare she???? She is the one who abused an autistic kid... WAIT SISRADIO IS CALLING!!!! "Stop bumbling about with that shitty diary and go get actual therapy, you freak. You will learn too late in life that pain is the ultimate remedy, but that its allways possible to avoid taking" Ok sis!!!!! good bye everyone!!!! have a sweet day!!!"

It was Autumn. It was a hot afternoon after it had rained torrentially in the morning. We are in FCT. Its lunch time. Isa just arrived, as she only has classes in the afternoon. She only goes for the sport, as she studied in order to be 5 classes ahead in every subject. She wants problems. She is bitter with a mushy brain after... the required... "self enhancing" to be able to achieve that in college. Ketamine. Meth. Cocaine. She does it all. Her body is merely a "vessel for slay queen sis business, yas babes!". She can barely form thoughts and feels very despondent. She studied hard, though... With very over the top make up, she approaches the lunch line... that she usually ignores. Adriano is on the line. Shall we zoom on her mind? Isa: "Ugggghhhh I dont wanna throw up again... why eat?! I barely held the twix bar I ate for breakie... Oh... the shitnerd is there... I feel like... ass... But I want to get closer *Nerd wisdom is good for the soul. Fill up my backdoor and make me wanna sing* .......... uuuuugggggghhhh shut up *BLEH!!* Im empty... only a bit of salive came out. its not too bad Im used to spew blood by now... Alright you know what? I dont care Imma go bless him with my presence... Hello, Adriano!" Adriano replies: "Do I know you?" (All quoted segments from now are replies to the previous) "Ww....hhh...at? *He does not know who I am? How dare he???!!!!!! *UgH!** jus-" "Your Isa! the bitch princess that gave a blowjob to a teacher to go from an 19.5 to a 20!" "SHUT UP HE ENJOYED IT!!!!!! DONT TA- *BLEEH!!* Sorry... Im kinda... hanging over a fucking cliff right now" "How long until you break... I cant wait.." "You coward. If I felt like it I would kick the shit out of you!" "Normally, when you kick my ass for absolutely no reason, I am the defenseless one, as I have no fucking training, and you know this. You do it anyway. You are defensless, yet I aint touching you" "hehehehhe skill issue *Gasp!*" "Are you ok? And what do you want from me? Normally you just skip the line..." "I wanted to... talk and stuff..." "About what? Make up? Ketamine? Social-engineering? Those sound pretty interesting...." "*did bro just synthesize my personality into 3 words?* noooo whaaaat? Imma talk about... uuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh.... Computerrssssssss? and.... japan stuff? Ive watched naruto! Idk what do you fucking do anyway, you fucking wimp?" "Damn you are not good at this, are you? Im being nice, you know? I could ignore you like someone who isnt completly empty inside..." "W.....what? Noooooo... Ok, I dont care about my polyneuropathy I will force myself to roundouse your face off if you dont fucking shut up you shitnerd! Youre nothing! You should be shitting yourself with my mere presence you dumb, pathetic, simp cuck! *Yes you can cuck me any day! Can we please bake a cake together? The oven is hot and ready! Please adopt me!* uuuhgghh..." "Please fuck off" "No! *Omg omg omg he is huge! I think I peed myself a little! My breathing... is it the arrythmia my doctor said I developed from training while high? No... He is bigger than the sun! The SUN!* THE SUN!" "The sun... what?" "WHAT?  WHAT DID YOU HEAR????!!!!" "You shouted "No!" and then just "the sun!" "Oh thats... exactly what I said... yes! *Lets be dumb primitive beasts together! Please! Momma is tweaking right now!* SHUUUT UPPPP!!!! THIS VOICE DOESNT SHUT UP AND ITS PISSING ME OFF!!!!!" "Seeing you break appart is so cathardic. I would feel empathy. But it being you I feel pity" "YES! I SUCK! YOU ARE CORRECT! *The tears are too heavy to contain. My eyes will bleed out from the pressure. My throat is jammed by a meteorite. My chest is on fire. And all people feel for me is pity? What did I do to deserve being at the point of getting treated like this by people?* GRRRAAAAAAAHHHHH! DOES GETTING ABUSED BY YOUR PARENTS COME WITH A DUNCE HAT?????!!!!!!!!! SHOULD I JUST GO ROT IN THE NAUGHTY CORNER JUST FOR EXISTING THE WRONG WAY?????!!!!!! * Silence * *Gasp.... Gasp.... Gasp.... Gasp....* WHY DO YOU SPEAK TO ME LIKE THIS????!!!!! " "Ha your voice cracked a little!" "SHUT UP! GO KILL YOURSELF!" "the door is the other way. Is the cocaine making you dumber or what?" "WRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!" *running* * fading crying*. Later, she is found, after classes of most people were done, in a bench, near the faculty cafeteria, moaning in agony laid down gripping, swiching every few moments between gripping different parts of her body. Adriano finds her and approaches her: Adriano utters: "Hurry up and kick the bucket already! No one wants you here you pest!" Isa then, stops moaning, slowly turns her head to Adriano, because she could not hear what he said. Then turned her head back, a few seconds passed and she resumed moaning. Then started muttering while gritting her teeth: "I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I waaaaaaaanaaaaaaaaauuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....." She sits up and then collapses on the bench immediatly after, moaning a bit less loudly. Her hair was messy, her eyes were red and her mouth had white gunk coming from her tongue. Her lips were dry like arizona and her saliva as thick like toothpaste. She then got a burst of strength that allowed her to sit up slowly and get up, with Adriano looking at her in disgust. She uttered: "I wanna... hug you! Give me a hug! Please..." Adriano hesitated, but then went for the hug. She had been standing for 3 seconds when Adriano moved and collapsed, with Adriano caching her just early enough to dampen her fall. Something stings him and he decides: 911. 911. uhhh... my phone... where is my phone? Here... *truuuuuuuuuuh.... truuuuuuuuuh... truuuuuuuuuuh* Emergency number! What is the situation?! "My name is Adriano Valente and my.... friend here is collapsed on the floor moaning. She has uneven breathing and is salivating thick white gunk! We are in the FCT campus, near the monte da caparica overground metro! "How old are you both?" "I am 21 and she is around 25, 23..." "Isnt she your friend?" "Look if you dont hurry that number wont matter too much! please!" "Right. Dont move. But the campua is hu-" "Cafeteria! We are between the roundabout and the cafeteria! You will know!" The 911, 30 minutes later, then arrived, took all then measures and did all the procedures (that I am not familiar with) and took Isa to Santa Maria Hospital. 3 days later, after Adriano had given his number to them, was called. Isa was dead. Here is how it went: "Sir, Im sorry to inform you that your friend , which was not even that much of a difficult patient as you insistedly repeated during our last call, is not with us anymore. She was not responding to the medications or the treatment and she was suffering from extreme overdose. She was suffering like ive never seen anynone suffer before. She could barely be touched, she vomited anything we put in her mouth and her body was basically self destructing. I am sorry. She had this to say before we turned everything off: "Tell him that... Im sorry. I suffered, but I did not act correctly. I was dumb and immature. I loathed everything about my life, to which I barely gave any thought to. But... I loved him. I wanted to feel his warmth. I wanted it so bad... His words were harsh, but his spaguetti arms were so yummy... I wanted him forever and ever. And that Im sorry. I was a coward. I was lonely my whole life and never wanted to embrace it. I .... failed."


*Isa... looks curious at the interviewer* Once... I grabbed a knife... and planned to see if the stuff they teach us at biology class really is legit. Does that count?

Histreo, NPD. Gold-plated corpse. Alone, stranded.


Ok today was take two of demolishing Adriano. That stupid RAT!!!!!!! anyways.... I also tried to finish Ester's job with Filipa, but she did not want me to??? ARRRGHHHH!!!!!! SHITNERDS SHOULD FUCKING DIE WITH THEIR FUCKING LAZYNESS AND DEEP WEB AND LIVELEAK AND SHITTY ROCK MUSIC THEY LISTEN TO AAAAHAAHAHG!!!! STOP SHOCKING ME, SIS! IT FUCKING HURTS. WAIT SISRADIO!!! HEY SIS! "And Id do it again, you grey, dust filled moth! You dont even share an AREACODE with any "shitnerds" you pathetic excuse for a vengeful shitty supervillain. Let it fucking go. Dont you have a job?" Its my day off! And homework is #done!!!!! You gotta teach me to make purely artificial crack like you told me you used to sell, sis! AND She is calling again!!!!  "DONT WRITE THAT YOU IMBECILE! THE BRAIN DAMAGE GAVE ME fucking CONSCIOUSNESS!!!!!! I FUCKING REGRET MY GUTS OUT OF IT. Annnnnd I could get arrested when you innevitably show your word vomits to your shitty friends, that dont actually care about you btw, and then they tell it to their spoiling even more narcissistic parents. Why does my only actual current friend have to be you? I honestly rather be dead right now, you know? Btw come with me. I ran out of my pills for my psychosis and that shit does not care about your or my life, so come along with me so I dont do anything stupid on my way there. I used to think Filipa was a soft, but frustratingly hard to manipulate simpleton. You are actually detestable." *Gulp* Ok sis... GOODBYE FAM! " JUST COME ALREADY!!!"

Just tried a sample of crack Ester forgot to hide from me and did not get to sell and its gooooooooooooooood! I can smell light rn fam! 
