Soraia character description:

Soraia
Type: Human.
Age: 17 years (F)
Height: 167cm
Weight: 75kg
Chubby, red cheeks. Almost fat, but feels hard to say it.
Desc: Tragic, Unjust life and still smiling. Resilient. Her fun is helping. Her passion is connection. Does not ponder frequently. Was born with a never-seen-before neurodevelopmental disorder that causes generalized, agonizing pain and substantial cognitive difficulties in logical intelligence, abatract thinking and spacial awareness. Clumsy, with supportive parents. Although she was the hardest victim, she is the one who motivates her parents to work harder. Her smile gives her traumatized mother hope and her exausted dad energy. She is the social type. Her bones are brittle, but her spirit is the one of a Rinnocerous. A gigantic, sturdy, gentle, gracious puppy who just cares about playtime and worktime. Learned to be both resourceful and compact with her energy and strength. Does not victimize herself. "My favourite game is: "Dont give up!" if I ever want anything, I wont do anything else until I get it. What else is there to do? Getting sidetracked is hard and makes hurt and I dont want to hurt." The boys in school feel sorry for her. "Bro, do you know that chubby girl who just sits in the bench behind a window after class?" "The dummy one that gets all the attention from teachers?" "Yeah! I would really like to just talk to her, you know? She has this security in her eyes. She just seems so naive, yet so rational. She ... just does not waste a single breath on useless crud like us, you know?" "Yeah bro! if there was a school of life, she would be top of class every year..." "And if she was at least attractive... LIKE BROOOO! IM SOO TIRED of narcissistic princesses! But they know how to seduct... And Ill even prefer them over the chubby one anyday too..." "Man... the world surely is cruel..." "I may never see anyone like her ever again..." "Bro dont say sad shit! Lets play football!" "Youre right... lets go! (But its true...)"


The work of Soraia as an artist goes here. Her mother helps her type and describe everything. Just the technical things like writing thw lyrics and coming up with descriptions. Playing and inspiration is all Soraia.

Type: Musical Single.
Genre: I call it... BADASS MAID MUSIC!!!
Title: Yowai the Maid - All I have is unfurfilled dreams (Metal + vocal cover)
Desc: I keep going anyway. (Thank you all for listening! The number of you is really really big! My mom told me its like... the whole village is listening! Thanks! :) :) :))


This is soraias diary. I am her mom. I give her daily challenges so she keeps her mind active. God knows what will happen to her next...


Write your name five times.

My name is Soraia. 
My name is Soraia. 
My name ia Soraia. 
My name is Soraia. 
My name is Soraia. 
My name is Soraia.

Write what our shopping list was today:

12 egs
8 orange
6 apples
2 pears.
2 canned tunas.
12 youghurts.
7kg of meat


Write what our shopping list was today (Try to write better 1s):


7 g of carrot
1 ketchup.
6 ham

Calculate:

3+3= 6
9-10= 1
7-13= 6
10+ 6= 16

if you do all of these well, you dont need to do the ones of tomorrow! Do your best!

3*3= 30
4*6= 20
10*10= 100


Soraia's Mother: "Hello! I am soraias Mother. Im just here to provide some assistence like typing for her."
Soraia: "HELLO B****ES!!!!"
Soraia's Mother: "Sweetie! The kids at school say those things but they are not nice."
Soraia: "Sorry!!!!!"
Mother: "Hello! I am Tereza Campos! I am her mother and I give her assistance in this social app. But the words, even when not nice, are all from her. Introduce yourself, sweetie!"
Soraia: "Hello person! What is your name person? Mom? who are we talking to?"
Mother: "The people outside of the screen sweetie, of course! Can you describe yourself to them?"
Soraia: "My name is soraia and I am 71 years old!"
Mother: "She means 17. She has a rare disease that makes her struggle. But she perseveres"

