Then there is David... the Arcanine. David is a relentlessly hardworking, hopelessly dedicated, non complaining and always eager to improve Fire type pokemon that never really lacks on both metaphorical and literal sweat. David was caught by Mister in the wild, as a growlithe, near celadon city, preying on odishes 7 levels above him, who kept trying to sleep him only for David to shrug it off and hit em with a 2 piece ember and a bite. Does neither enjoy, nor dislike battling, seeing it as only his duty. Enjoys checking the growth of each of his muscles meticulously and training any underdeveloped ones. When I caught him, at first he forced me to use him against rydon, gravellers, onixs, etc. Only for Leonor to tell him: "Youre unreal! Are the steroids  getting through your head meat head? That thing will pinch you extinguished like a damn wax candle!". David, when hearing Leonor, always went back to his pokeball, although his first instinct is to fight the hardest battles possible, although Mister kept reminding him that koing someone in 1 hit and going blow for blow always gave him the same experience, without all the pain. David always just replied to that with something starting like: "Yes, Mister, yes BUT...". David, after evolving into Arcanine, found himself in a predicament. Although he was absurdly hardworking and dedicated, his growth was stunted by... crappy genetics. He leveled up REALLY slowly. He knocks down 1 pokemon, two, three, four, five six... virtually nothing changes. After Mister taught him fire blast from blain, that I got when Tomoko, DELETED the entire cinnabar island Gym all by herself, barely sweating in the process, Mister had to look for all the PP ups in the map and give them to his fireblast so he could at least be useful. Also... Mister was never really the best trainer for David, constantly getting him into battles he just barely had a chance to win so David would improve faster... But david... to Mister's commotion, never complained, never whinned or backed down... getting knocked down just as brutally as he dished out punishment, never enraged... always just... focused and assertive. "As long as I can train and get stronger... what the hell does anything else matter for". Skylar frequently soothed him when The team visited the pokemon boxes. This excessively Self blaming Arcanine was born in the wrong place... in the wrong time and was trained, maybe, by the wrong man. His final moveset, post the elite 4, was Fire blast, dig, body slam and ember.