Now... Tomoko was a very insecure, shy and socially awkward magikarp. I found her in the  school corridors walking from side to side... she always seemed to be thinking about something... I wanted to be the first to approach her... with a proposal. "I can turn you into a giant dragon. A giant dragon that protects an entire team under its wings." She did not think twice. She trained, and trained, and trained and... eventually... she turned into the most powerful pokemon in my party for its level. Shes the one we rely on the most and has the most powerful moves in terms of raw numbers: Hydro pump, ice beam, surf and bubble beam. She can haul us on water, kick flying and grass and bug types' butts and when that does not work, just "cram damage into em" using hydro pump. But now... she is a, deservedly so, immensly powerful Water/Flying type pokemon that is one of the 3 damage crammers from Mister. She is currently level 50, as, first of all: She takes way too much xp to level up and second of all, she does not need to. Because she already knows hydropump, surf, Ice beam and bubble beam. Tomoko is a selfless, reliable Gyrados with gentle giant vibes. Once weak and now strong, does not fear either ends of the spectrum. Humble wounded healer who found a solution for her pervasive feelings of inadequacy and powerlessness, that were all simply reflective of her lack of ways of directing her egoless plans, as she was "Just a filthy, rotten piece of s***" as a Magikarp. But then she started becoming useful, relied on and she enjoyed that kind of pressure. She enjoyed being the tree the team hid under the sun in. Contemplative with a balanced mindset. Can balance competitiveness with gentleness well. She now would tell you she dreads becoming a magikarp again as she "Finally tasted bliss" after finding a place in an environment that works for a common goal. Although Maria was Mister's starter, Tomoko quickly became the Venosaur's mentor. She enjoys swimming with Isas Lapras friend, Beth, who also is similarly wise and stable.

that is Tomoko the gyrados