Then... there is Yakui, the Dugtrio. Yakui is a relaxed, somewhat sane, lightning quick... allegedly narcodependent yet surprisingly collected and logical ground type pokemon that... Mister suspects... enjoys... getting poisoned. Yakui, was caught by Mister in the digglet cave in vermilion city to be used against Lt. Surge.  Yakui, during this whole campaign, might have been my strongest pokemon I EVEN caught. She pretty much imediatly finished every pokemon that I expected her to
at least kinds struggle against but... she, sometimes... refused to use dig against koffings, prefering to use scratch instead to, in her words: "Uhhh... soften em up! Yes! Then I wait for them to use smog... then... I want some more until... uhhh yes! Their guard is down! yes! Exactly!". Yakui, during serious battling, is viscious, unpredictible, tecnically gifted, has by far the most killing instinct of my entire roster and  koed pokemon for her personal enjoyment. although she clearly held back against poison type pokemon, refusing also to let me heal her because she, allegedly had "antibodies! Antibodies will treat me! let them... *ahhhh...there it is...* do their thing.... chill Mister.... izzzalright ok?" Yakui deletes Psychic pokemon and the only pokemon I dont use her against are grass and water, because yakui is kind of a glass cannon too. She frequently plays... somewhat bad faith pranks on her mates, for example drugging Leonors potions (so she would "Go a bit wilder! Shes too boring to watch!") with Pokesalts. Leonor then bit an eye off a pidgey and spat it at me... with a warm smile on her face. And yakui is also lightning quick so god knows what she put in the other 6 potions I had during that battle... so I could not use potions and had to toss em all away. Yakui is also surprisingly scientifically intelligent, being able to, besides straight up demon drugs, craft really effective potions... but yeah thats pretty much only when she bothers...
Once yakui learned Earthquake at level 47, it was wraps for everyone else immediatly. She was my personally assigned team rocket wiper and she also koed Gary's Alakazham... twice... both times being severely outleveled by it. Her post elite 4 moveset was Dig, Earthquake, slash and sand attack.