Medicine. Medicine. Medicine. Medicine are scripts. Focus. Focus. Adjust the valve. Tune in. Tune in Tune in. Breathe. Meditate. Clear your mind. Focus. Focus. Focua. Focus. Focua. Focus. Filipa. Remember me? "Yes. Nice to see you are back." Have you made amends with Ester? Where is she? "In the bathroom. You got a new visitor. Her name is Gina. Why are all your imaginary friends Girls anyway?" You got me there. I am not sure... I just like writing them more, I guess. "Dont you think it is pervy? You give some of *us* them reeeaalllly specific body types. And why are all of the girl characters also the deeper written ones?" I also dont know! Maybe I am just not that manly at the moment. When I go to the gym for alot of days straight, writing is 30 times harder! I think it has to do with that chaos and order thing peterson talks about. When I dont exercise for a long time, its like all the characters in my head are girls! I never really saw myself as that manly. Im still confident, though... to put it simply, the only times I wanna write are when I feel girlier... I really struggle to write male characters that feel genuenly personal to me. I tried to do it tooth and nail with Tomas, but I gave up. All the girl charactera feel whole. All the male ones, with three exceptions: Re, David and Roger feel like a hacky conglomerate of party tricks. If I actually got out of my current rut and went to the gym, I feel that my will to write would go down like 60% in the first day. Its weird... All rockstars are pretty skinny too... maybe there is a pattern. "Filipa: Ok, fair enough. How is Gina? Is she a main character like me?" I dont know. I think you would have to define that for her first. To be fair ideally you do that for anyone. No one is a copycat of you. No one understands your metaphor by design, Filipa. But she is likely to actively ask you about it. She prioritizes it. She is the logical type. And does not understand anyone who does not think that way. She has a lukewarm presence to her. I absolutely do not dissolve in her when I go into "Loser mode" "What is loser mode?" Are you trying to copy her? "No! Not at all. I am just curious. I live here, you havent said a word to us in months, you have been yapping and rambling and endlessly going on about " silly mode" "Loser thoughts" "Shitnerds" "Loser mode" "Loser", "Loser", "Loser", and then I go like: "What is mans even on about?" Honestly... I do not know.  I know that During "Loser mode", I self deprecate ALOT! I think its my shadow. Anyway... when I am barely fresh out of "loser mode", I feel, well, like I was being a loser! So I just call it "Loser mode". And get a very potent urge to overshare, get praise and validation. I also think pointless things. And saying that to pull myself out of it at those times is somewhat unproductive because I get so delusional that I feel that those things are important. I feel out of myself. Its obviously incredibly hard to see myself in a good light in that state. But... I also... should not right? Because... during that stage I do unhealthy things. But I should also feel compassion for myself, right? But thats very very hard because I have all my kindness currently alocated for my light side. Oh man... Those shitty Pyrocynical, Leafy and NFKRZ videos I watched really made me laugh back in 8th grade when I also began watching the angry feminist compilations... And that is really when I fell from grace. But then, we switched contents in math class and got seated next to out best student, so I decided: Time to start it all over.  I even helped and supported him during class. I noticed when he made mistakes and everything and told him. He would tell me to be quiet when I spoke too much. I am so glad that all happened. I even worked my hardest in helping in the preparations for the end of year party. I can safely say that, at that time, I was simply better
 I felt better. That was as bright as I ever shined
 After a luminous last month in 8th grade, a decaying summer, followed again by 3 months of light at thw begining of 9th grade, where I just spent my days with my friends during the day, then got home and did 1 hour cycles of doing homework and relaxing myself by racing around "Test Course" in Gran Turismo 3, I tapped into my old passion for geography. I challenged myself to learn and remember all the countries in the 2018 world and their locations. After a week or so, I did it! I then began watching the mapping videos, and then started looking at Polandball memes. But, I began to fall from grace again. I had the seeds from the all the bedrotting and feminist compilations I had watches. Then, the alt right wing videos. There was other more bad stuff! More commentary channel videos, more Leafy, more crap Then, because of all the isolation, I became extremely bitter and tribal in my socialization patterns. I went into my first year of highschool completly deluded by those influences. But my suposed enemies and even my close friends were really supportive. I then started... "Wait! When do you become a loser again? I am Ace tier confused right now, bro... Im sorry..." Ok... That was clearly too much... I confess... I have zero clue of whats going on... No. I can recall memories and have enough psychology facts to loosely attribute them to concepts, but I dont have the knowledge to form an image... I am sorry I wasted your time... "No worries! We are all floating in space... No one has a clue of anything... Not you, me Ester or anyone. Confusion is the natural state of the mind. The reason knowledge is praised is not because we should all be geniuses, but because those who, if even for a millisecond look anything less than absolutely clueless about something, it gives us all hope. A hope that we all wished we could create ourselves. Good night. Go to sleep." Good night.
