Hello. Its Adriano Valente. The 22 year old artisan from Lourinhã, Portugal, just vibing... just chilling and talking. So... Anwyays...
Hinamizawa Syndrome. There is an Anime, called Higurashi, and its actually a series. There, there is a little girl. She is the main character, that lives in Hinamizawa, a remote, isolated japanese village, that is always destined to suffer from horrible tragedies at some point of its existence, that traumatize the inhabitants. The objective of this girl, is to prevent them from happening. She is the conscience of the village. But everyone dismisses her. Then, the tragedy happens. A terrible murder. A famine, a disease. Then... the girl has to go to an old temple, grab a fragment from a sword, and stab herself with it, to death, every, single time. Every 'single time' yes. She did this multiple times. She, a long time ago, cursed herself in front of the literal goddess of the universe, to, after the first ever tragedy, to make herself go back in time as long as she kills herself, always keeping her own memories, so she can fix the mistake in the 'next life'. She remembers every single second of each of her 'retries'. Yet... she does not want help. When she has a realization that this cannot go on, she just tries... to run away. One day, Reika decides to attempt to enroll in a highschool, outside of hinamizawa, to get a better life for herself. She tries to convince Satoko to study hard, with Satoko really wanting to stay in hinamizawa for its simplicity and the memories of childhood, and, after a lot of insistence, and alot of Reika retries, accepts to work hard for her friend, in one of them. They both work hard and study and Satoko, who enjoys freedom and living in the moment, although clever and smart, finds all of this, reasonably pointless and 'just pleasing'. "Why should I do this? I dont want this.." Satoko is mocked in the highschool, for her grades, her simplistic mannerisms, while Reika is praised by her maturity and composure. Satoko starts to feel distant from Reika and resenting her. From now on, every attempt of Reika results in getting to the highschool, self improvement, kreatine, gym, sigma grind phase, but she gets reality checked when Satoko, in her fury and lonelyness, KILLs... yes I said KILLs Reika with... some prank. its impossible to run away from your problems.  Reikas shadow, one day, before the highschool level, decides to follow her. Its the chaos. This was gonna happen eventually. Satoko follows her and then... stabs herself with the same fragment as Reika, and then finds out, after entering the ethereal realm that was now the true home of Reika (Reika was dead inside),  All that Reika had done and asks the goddess to give her the same immortal status as her friend. Satoko, the shadow, then starts intruding into every aspect of Reikas life, the lights life. IN CONCLUSION, Hinamizawa syndrome is about those people. Its about those people who, no matter how much life sucks, no matter how much life batters them, how powerless they feel, how much they hate themselves and the world, simply will. not. ask. for. help. And just... escape into 'improvement' that is meaningless, making them feel worse with the addictions, and psychosomatic symptoms getting worse. 