MEGA POWERFUL MEGA NUANCED DUMP OF DOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Crush graph:


Reals4 = {(x,y,z,w) E R4: x+y+z+w<=100}


PessoaCrush ⊆ Pessoa × Pessoa

PessoaCrush := {(x,y) E Pessoa x Pessoa : "y é crush de x"}

CrushGraph subof PessoaCrush x Reals4

CG := {((x,y),(a,b,c,d)) E PessoaCrush x Reals4: "a,b ,c e d sao as componentes da relacao que x tem com y: a é a porcao romantica, b é a porção cosmetica, c é a porcao de admiração e d é a porção de confiança (em)"}




 Numbers are what you what of them. the 100 can be like a fixed sensation that can be the total "space in your heart" you have allocated to a person at any time. (How warmed up to them you are).
Those coordinates are percentages


Crushes xampls:

Nina: (10, 30,56,4)
Praise: (40,10,20,20)
Rita: (5,15,40,40)

Forget the stupid curly braces and the stupid letters! Are crushes not a generalization of romance and admiration and physical attractiveness and respect we feel?


I basically think Nina is intimidating and I dwell alot about her during periods of insecure rumination. I think she is impressive, but its that flashy sort of impressive. For praise, I dint think she is very attractive, but She does Impressive things, is strong, smart empathic. And feel some Flashy intimidation". But also appreciation for her boundaries and presense (see her as equal). But... when I am in the zone, And I am really in touch with myself (during hobby time or running or whatever), I am unprepared, I am focused and then... something bubbles up and its her! And I feel so warm inside. She has a very flowery demeanour. She usually dances a bit when engaging with people. When she does that to me,I feel like: "Aawww stop! Its unconfortable! But it felt kinda nice please do it again!" So thats the romance. For Rita, man what a character! Charming above all else. She is all of my luminous side but with all its potential taken to the limit. Outgoing, does what she wants without hesitating (in a good way.) She is a medical student and cares for the patients... She trains TO carry patients! And she leads whatever social group she gets on. And is really humble. Thats the break down.

I also feel the good type of envy for Rita. Not the kind of envy that pleads for her downfall. The kind that is like: Oh man! I want that because its useful for me! Ye sure whatever she can also have it but I really really want it!



My respect will hold me back a little... I kinda dont feel like listening.... Ok. I get it now. Its not respect its TRUST!

Heh its kind of immature still... Its better to move on than to tweak this indefinitely








I think... externalizing attention is the key for socializing! Talking about interests is dumb for socializing. Because, to socialize,you need to be aware of the person, the signs, the environment, etc. (Or, at least,big part of attention is outside). If you talk about interests, You start in one of the states, inside ot outside yourself. (Does not matter how you perceive yourself. You can be 
 from humble and authentic to insecure and closed. It works the same way) You set up concentration, you flip a bunch of switches in your perception of world and memory and you start sifting through facts or intuitions.Then, after some time and energy spent, you reemerge with something to say. And then you say it. And then you also have some expectation associated with it (normal. its yours). So, at this point, besides not being ready to follow back from their answer, they may actually also offend you a little! I mean....talk about yourself, by all means! You totally should. But beware of this. Also, dont be too gossipy or political. That also gets tiring. You might also find that your mind takes some time to warm up to the resurfacing and diving quickly movement, thats why conversations get more fluid and deep with practice. Ive also found that the perfect thoughts come somewhere between the last social interaction and the next period of inadequate loneliness, if you dont socialize between them. Because there, you can easly combine nuanced analysis about reality and being able to reflect about the notions you capture effectively. And Introverts have a hard time socializing because they are not very used to doing the diving out portion. And Extroverts are shallow because they are not used to doing the diving in portion very well. So they know all thats going on and what is happening and why, but dont bother about why it matters or is useful to them in particular or wether or not it is attainable. Introverts, well, in extreme cases are.... "incelish". Also, I have thought: "But... what If I just came out of a hobby/study session/nap and want to socialize? Isnt the diving out gonna be really hard?" Yes! "Is there some way around it?" No! "Why?" Well... in a car, to get to redline, from 0, can you do it without gasoline?


I am still have a very childish behaviour: I still havent ditch the cycle of moving on only when receiving aproval. Or only trully validating my own creations/feats when when they are validated by someone else. (Someone I deem to have authority over me in some way. I think its cute. "Dominates world" Hey! Rita! Im a smart and strong boy, right? right?)

Ohhh... things that stem from childhood dont have a pre determined "expiration" date


I found out why I have a natural and almost obcessive tendency to wear my inadequacies on my sleeve when interacting with people. I am an irl tsundere.
When I am around people, the first thing that pops in my head is: "Gotta show them and logically prove to them how much of an incel loser emo cringelord femboy doomer I am! If they reject me when I show ANY SPEC of one of these things, they are immediatly not trustworthy." So, I see someone interesting: I immediatly get gazzele eyed. If I approach them and I DONT WATCH OUT, I will start BOMBING them with my own "self loathing". I put it in quotes because when I am normal (that is... 90% of the time of when I am alone), I dont believe any of it in the slightest. Its a shell. I dont genuenly hate myself. So, I go up to someone. When I succumb to my shell, It does not matter who it is: Its allways the same repeated junk! Because it comes from the same place! Its like a ROM: Me: "*blablablabla* im an incel, ok?" Them: *Dont care*. Me *Grrrr!!!!! Ill prove it! Ill prove you that you hate me! You just dont know it yet!*" Ok... Im a narcissist loser emo edgelord!" Them *Dont care*. Me: "I was raised by bonefied fascists! I am racist, homophobic and fatphobic and transphobic and *uhhhh.....* racist!" Them: *What? I asked him what his tastes where..
* Me: "I am not normal! You know I am not normal!" Them: *Dont care*. Me: *Sigh...* "I like fruits! I am obcessed with bananas ans oranges in particular! And you?" *Convo continues*


Like... 90% of the time they just get bored... I dont know why I am so afraid of people...



In my college resi, to prime externalized focus, I talk to med students. It helps me see myself, not as an identity with something to prove, but as a mere gathering of pulsating organs. And then I have to listen to them. And its also generally helpful in a practical way.



Like, one thing I learned was that the sweet spot for brain tasks was, in terms of hunger: Somewhere between the very first signals from the stomach to the stomach starting to make noises


And... this might sound like cheating, but because they are med students and I am a cs student, Its impossible for me to be like: "omg they did this subject and I did not wahhhhhhhhhhh". i know Im just making it easier on the ego but it works



idk... ego has to be the most underrated piece of cutting edge social technology there is: When Its not broken (like any tool in existence), it can be quite useful: In general, it tells you when yoy should "slot in" in conversations. If you, for example, see 2 seniors in some field speaking about that field, and it looks important and more that you can handle (ego tells you all of this in a second with shattering accuracy) and you are a beginner, you should not butt in. And... you can look at a person and instantly figure out if they are more helpful for your purpose than another person. And also if two people would be useful to eachother. If all egos were healthy, we would not need grades in school (currently, they are not bad because they shatter egos. Thats an expected drawback. Its that they make everything SLOW!) And classes would be wicked fluid



And we would totally judge eachother based on perceived intelligence! Thats where the root would be! But it would be accurate and people would be able to take it (assuming egos are healthy). Thats where the speed would come from
