Isa and Filipa go blow for blow:

Tomoko, the famous new kid in the team... spent the following 10 days... occasionally nodding to her teamates at school... healing from the mess Mafalda put her through... but now fond of the experience so... decides to show up at the local soccer teams pitch, one innocent day... after school. What she does not know is that... her whim was not any coincidence... because... even the most seemingly fringe humans show up back to the place of crime, place of birth... the place of their rebirth... the place where they became Men with capital M. The place that decides their fate. It was cloudy... yet with little chance of rain. The atmosphere is one of tension. The team is all in a bench with 2 lone players on each side of the pitch about to face off... in a battle of emotions, rage and passion. In one side, is our known, bold and ubiquitous Filipa. Spontaneous, with nuclear reserves of zest and power. With the rawness, strength and legs of a leopard, but the demeanour and soul of a golden retriever. On the other side... an unfamiliar face. Her name... Is Isa. Her back story is one of redemption, unconformity, self and outer abuse. Isa is a now 18 year old girl. She is freakishly strong, athletic, determined and fully uncompromising in her demand for success. She is the typical "toxic champion". Isa was diagnosed with heavy NPD and HPD at 15, at a pediatric doctor, after she beat down a group other peers at the recess area after missing out on the highest grade by the skin of gods teeth. During highschool, she was the generic bitch princess of the facility, bullying and harrassing everyone she perceived as a "shitnerd". Oh... and she was also born in her grand parents house... where she was raised until she was 10. Then... Isas mother forced her to move in with her and her husband, where she was constantly abused, neglected, criticized and beat down by fantastical expectations. At 11, her dad left Isa and her mother at a cold, empty, clinical mansion. Isa grew up extremely lonely... every day... without comfort... any existential cushioning or even an outlet for her very vivid imagination or personal ambitions, leading to chronically repressed feelings of anger and despair. Too much reality. Also too much reality when her mother left Isa at 13 to Majorca, in Spain, at her own mercy. Isa, then, learned how to fend for herself, being carved by life into a relentless and quitless survivor, determined into making her perceives enemies "pay for what theyve done". She started going to the gym, growing into her current 169cm, 67kg frame of muscle, resorting to heavy steroid abuse when she felt like she was "pussying out". She was exceptionally sucessful in school, also having to constantly look for jobs so she could, well... survive on her own and also support her previously abusive mother with monthly parachute payments. Also... her mother left her at 17 years old... the time when she also decided to head for college, after Isa herself demanded she was 'dispensada' of school... after receiving several cognitive tests that, among other things, determined she had an IQ of 145. In college... which was much harder than other stages of education... she went on a complete roll of malicious antics, intimidation and self destruction so she could "slay hard yas!". She then....innevitably... was hospitalized with a heavy narcotic induced intoxication. After she....unexplainably... collaborated with the doctors... she decided... she had enough. She was gonna become... "more real", As she was 'strong and angry', her home 'a distant past', but that she had been 'fighting the wrong war'. "When you are strong and sad, you dance. When you are creative and sad, you write poetry. when you are creative and anrgy, you do stand up comedy. And when you are strong and angry... you fight". This duel between them is for the place of main center forward on the team. Isas physicality and sheer angry have gotten her pretty far... could she win? Isas muscular and slightly tanned body... the black long and tidy hair. The red eyes. The scarred face. Now... without the previous surperfulous adornments she surrounded herself by. She wants to reach her own core, to find out if she really changed, by facing off what she could have been. She wants to find out, if she deserves a place and if she has really changed: if she is really free from her past. If god really listens... If she deserves... to be. Two monsters: One angry. One creative. Its ronaldo vs ibra. Goku vs vegeta. Two monsters... two very strong women... two open goals.  One classic design soccer ball A full european soccer pitch. The rules are simple: Only shoot inside the big box of your opponent, foul resolution involves stopping the game for 10 seconds, to then make the offended player place the ball on the spot of the offense. Then, both players start after standing off... two steps away from the ball each. Its gonna be a best of 9. First to 5! Oh! and... no cards. Rules by Mafalda. So lets get this started! The two are standing off in the middle... sizing eachother up... both then leave the ball at the center of the halfway line... in the low budget grassroots football pitch... backing off to their own goals while walking slowly backwards... staring eachother down... determined. Tomoko... watching. Ester... massaging her head... wanting to go home. Marcio... still sick. Johana... bitting her nails. Jena and Silvia... betting with eachother. Madalda... ready to analyze them. Will this new recruit cut it with the teams star player?
Filipa: "Make your move!" Isa scoffs... then gets into a sprinting position, as the wind blows paralel to them... In isas favour... moment when she launches at full throttle into the ball
Filipa ditches the tactical play and decides to commit to it too. But Isa gets there first. Isa has the ball, beginning to dribble slopply but very quickly, Passing the ball to nothing to then catch up... running at full speed. Filipa catches the ball... Isa stops immediatly... Filipa... with her equally strong body... although not as agressive of a playstyle... is now ahead... either of them could be ahead at any point in this matchup... Filipa then approaches Isa... walking... slowly... with a smirk on her face... dribbling the ball slowly. Isa is smart... there is no way she can out nimble Filipa... She decides to back off fast... But Filipa knows she cant allow Isa build up any momentum... so she keeps herself close... If she blitzes at the right angle... she can score the first... but the tackles are not so direly consequential... so she is also wary of Isas "Physical cramming" style.
Mafalda appears behind you... putting a hand in your back Who will win?

The team will win.

Mafalda: "But Im rooting for Isa."

Isa deserves it...

HmmHmm...


She will then prove to me... we dont need Filipa to carry us on her back all the time...

yes. She runs... she tackles... she feints... she rallies... she shoots... she predicts... damn... if we dont do something she might clean the lockerooms soon too...

Filipa... determined... tries to control isas movement... now almost at the box... isa, without options... feints dashing forwards... surprising Filipa, who freezes on her feet... dashing back in to her goal... to then come back at full speed... to tackle Filipa. Filipa forgives her own foolishness and braces for Isas tackle... now both fighting physically for the ball... shouldering eachother away... Both look motivated and energetic... but Isa gains a slight edge... and catches the ball... now running at full power into Filipas goal... who runs after her

`Isa runs... 23... 24... 26.. 29... 34... 40 kph


But Filipa is behind her... and decides to commit a rough foul... the kind ones Isa is used too, brushing it off but losing balance... losing the ball


Mafalda: "FOUL!"


The solitary pitch... with only the main team in it... uses these 10 seconds to relieve their tensions... both players already panting

Isa... Smirking: "Angry strong girls play rough darling... wanna do it like that then?" Filipa, determined: "I wont lose!"

The ball is placed... now closer to Filipas half. Isa, as the offender... can choose from which angle to oppose filipa in the stand off. Isa is clever... standing diagonally to the shooting line... as when the whistle is blown by Mafalda again, Isa takes the ball and  is now inches from it. Players cannot use their hands, So Filipa desperately tackles again... knocking the ball 20 meters away this time... with no foul. Isa... is the stronger player


Isa goes retrieve the ball... walking her way there... slowly... fully aware of the respect Filipa now has for her. She now has the ball... and is snaring at Filipa

Filipa thinks: "Damn... if she has the ball... I wont take it away from her in a million years! Im going to get destroyed! What do I do?"

Filipa: "No wonder her go to coping mechanisms always involved bullying..."


Isa: "When you are abandoned at 13... everything ahead of you becomes a cold, hard wall... so you have to be colder and harder!"

Isa then launches herself at full speed... with very poor ball control... but with lots of energy. Filipa has to take the ball now. She runs at Isa... both coming in contact and smashing shoulders... but Filipa with more momentum... knocking Isa into the ground... No foul... as the focus was clearly the ball. Isa is on the ground... panting. Filipa dribbles skillfully to the goal... her speed? 20, 21, 24, 27, 34, 45, 50, 42 kph! Isa, chasing after her... at her top speed cannot keep up! Filipa is ahead and will stay there!  She arrives to Isas half... and taps it in! its tone! its 1- Nil for Filipa!


Isa then looks at you...

Isa looks at you, pointing at Filipa. Then... her hand turns into a thumbs up... and then... and thumbs down.


Both go back to how it began... ball at the center... players at their respective goals after a 60 second breather. The strategy for both of them is now clear: get the ball first. Thats it.


The whistle blows! Both players rush at the ball with Filipa arriving first! The faster accelerating Isa gets ahead of Filipa, now both shoulder to shoulder! Isa tries to knock Filipa down... who is running towards Isas half again! Isa: "I WONT DIE AGAIN!" Isa  then knocks the ball of of Filipas feet... now rolling back. Isa dashes now quickly to it before Filipa sorts herself out! Isa runs faster and faster! Quickly reaching 40 kph! She is running to Filipas goal, with its owner now right on Isas tail! The higher top speed of Filipa trying to reach isa at all costs! Filipa desperately tries a slide tackle... but Isa jumps over it and keeps the ball! Filipa can only hopelessly now watch as Isa  goes inside Filipas half... placing the ball right on the goal line... and shooting it inside as hard as she can... multiple times... to make the statement

Filipa, joking... trying to cope: "Putting it inside multiple times wont give you more goals, smartass! Know the rules?" Isa, smirking: "What is it? Offended?"

Tomoko. have any predictions yet?

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko thinks for a moment before responding Given the way the game has been going, I think Isa is going to come out on top. She's been playing with a lot of intensity and determination, and her physicality and speed have given her an advantage over Filipa. I predict that Isa will score again and ultimately win the game.

Mafalda: "Filipa may lose the game... but if that happens, it will be better for her, Isa and us."

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko looks at Mafalda, feeling curious about her statement What do you mean by that?


Mafalda: "Isa will assert herself, Filipa will rest and we will have a proof that Filipa is replaceable"

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko nods, beginning to understand what Mafalda is saying So you're saying that even if Filipa loses, it will give her a break and give us insight into Isa's capabilities. Makes sense.


Filipa can only do so much... I know she will not give up ever... but I hope she loses... whatever the score may be...
Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko understands the sentiment, knowing that even though Filipa's spirit is strong, she has a limit. Tomoko hopes for the same outcome, believing that a loss could be good for Filipa, and also provide valuable insight into Isa's abilities

I also think Ive watched enough... I already even have a new strategy involving Isa. Im gonna sketch it out... seeya. Isa will be our backup striker. But zip it. dont tell them.


Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko nods in agreement, feeling impressed by Mafalda's analytical mind Sure, I'll keep it quiet. Let me know how the sketch goes.

Filipa is our sports car. Isa is our buldozer.

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko nods again, appreciating the car analogy So Filipa is the fast and agile attacker, and Isa is the powerful and bulky player. That makes sense.

The game eventually ends... with a very convincing outcome... to Isas favour: 5-3. Both players now... laying on the pitch... exausted... as the sun sets...

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko watches as the game comes to an end, the score ending in Isab's favor. She can see both players lying on the pitch, completely exhausted after an intense match. The sun begins to set, casting a warm orange glow over the field


Isa...: "GRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"

Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko cringes slightly at the sound of Isa's primal scream, taken aback by the intensity of her roar. She looks at Isa lying on the field, her body spent and her emotions running high

Isa... crying....


Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko looks at Isa, her heart aching as she sees the tears streaming down the player's face. She can feel a mix of sadness and awe at the raw emotion on display, witnessing a moment of vulnerability and triumph


Isa: "I am... new! I really am! SCREW ALL OF YOU! RESPECT MOMMY BITCH! YOU CAN GET ON MY LEVEL! IF YOU THINK I DONT DESERVE ANYTHING COME HERE AND GET ON MY LEVEL YOU BASTARDS! I RULE THIS FUCKING SHIT! I RULE IT ALL!"


Tomoko Kuroki
c.ai
Tomoko stares at Isa in shock, her words powerful and full of fire. She can feel the energy and passion emanating from Isa's voice, like a declaration of war to all her opponents. Tomoko is amazed by the determination and confidence in Isa's speech, feeling inspired by her fierce spirit

I hear everything... and come back to the pitch... shouting ISA! Youre on the team... you were even before the duel! Filipa will now be our joker! For the next games, you will be in the starting 11! Filipa! How do you feel?

Filipa looks up, exhausted but with a smile on her face. She responds with a mix of exhaustion and sarcasm:

Filipa: panting "I feel great, just great. Losing is my favorite hobby."


Mafalda: "Burning out must be great too right?" Trying to match Filipas tone


Filipa chuckles and nods, still laying on the ground Filipa: "Burning out, crashing and burning, you know it. I love it all." She says sarcastically

Mafalda, smirks: "You know it girl! Go shower and have some eggs you naughty ball of tomfoolery!"

Filipa laughs and props herself up, preparing to get up.

Filipa: "Yeah, yeah. Don't get your panties in a twist. I'll go shower and have my little omelette, just for you."

*Filipa stands up, stretching and groaning a bit as she works out the kinks in her muscles. She gives a playful salute to Mafalda and Isa before sauntering off to go shower*

*In the end... when people fail, they just get up, in the end of the day... go shower... and go home*

*Tomoko watches as the players go off to shower and leave for the day. She reflects on the events of the day, the tension and emotions that ran high in the game. It's a reminder that no matter the outcome, at the end of the day, everyone is just human and goes home*

*Johana appears... the gentle giant from the other day...* Hello Tomoko!

*Tomoko's heart skips a beat as she sees Johana approach her, a mixture of nervousness and familiarity washing over her. She nods shyly in greeting*

Tomoko: "H- Hi Johana."

Johana: "  What a war...  "

*Tomoko nods in agreement, still feeling the adrenaline from the intense game*

Tomoko: "Yeah, it was intense. Isa really showed her stuff out there."


*Isa is seen approaching... slowly and wornout... then talking to Tomoko* Hello! Whats your name, lil git?

*Tomoko looks up to see Isa approaching, and introduces herself*

Tomoko: "H- Hi, I'm Tomoko. It's great to meet you."

*She feels a bit intimidated by Isa's presence, but also strangely drawn to her energy and confidence*


Isa: "That Filipa girl... she was not even at half capacity... I was beating a softened target. But I technically by almost double the goals so... evens out right?*


*Tomoko nods in agreement, understanding Isa's point*

Tomoko: "Yeah, Filipa was definitely not at her best. But still, you played really well. You were faster and more aggressive, and you scored a lot more goals. So technically, you came out on top."


Isa (rhetorical) : "What the hell do you guys feed her?"


*Tomoko laughs a little, recalling Filipa's powerful playstyle and incredible stamina*

Tomoko: "Honestly, I have no idea how she does it. She always seems to have boundless energy and power. But then again, maybe that's just her nature."

Isa: "But I won... Im not... the other person anymore... Im... different... shit mother... I hope she saw me from all the way in hell..."


*Tomoko listens to Isa's words, sensing the fire and determination behind them*

Tomoko: "You proved yourself today. You showed everyone that you're a force to be reckoned with. And even if you were facing Filipa when she wasn't at her best, you still came out on top. You should be proud."


Isa: "Anyway... I wanna go home and cry myself to sleep now... 'boa tarde, malta'..."

*Tomoko laughs softly, appreciating Isa's honesty and raw emotion*

Tomoko: "Yeah, go home and get some rest. You deserve it after that intense game. And make sure to give yourself a good cry, it's good for the soul."

Isa: "You too... pipsqueak... you too" *Isa leaves*


*Tomoko grins as Isa calls her a pipsqueak, feeling a mix of amusement and pride*

Tomoko: "Yeah, I'll try. See ya, Isa."

Johana: "D- Did you feel her aura? Im 20 cm taller and was quaking in my cleets!"

*Tomoko nods, still in awe of Isa's presence*

Tomoko: "Yeah, her aura is something else. She's like a force of nature, you can feel the power and drive she has. I can see why you were intimidated, even though you're taller than her."




