I can make you feel worse about him: He has a fox friend right? The fox is like the sage of the main cast and particularly at this point in the story, they are looking for a co- sage because the poor thing is just as overworked as David: "So David, being david, is training. Its about 4pm and its sunny at base camp. David is in his bedroom, alone, after watching tens of rival team videos trying to achieve 20 hand stand push ups in a row. By the way, He started all the way doing 1 hand stand push up sets. Anyways... he is mad struggling and he is sweating and his body is all sore and his eyes are somewhat hopeless and cynical. So, he drawns himself in pain, the second most addicting thing in the history of humanity next to heroin. Fox pulls up and says: "Hey David." David: "...loud groan during 3rd pushup." Fox: Quckly realizes it has to be forceful. it hates being forceful so it hopes David stops. He used to listen to his coaches advice before and had started to listen to fox too. David isnt stopping. David is exausted so he, luckly, falls on his elbows and knees at the 4th. David: "Why... why... heavy panting" Fox, trying to keep its cool. Its a fennec fox so its not actual heat that its bothering it for sure. fox says: "David. lets go watch a movie. A mystery movie. I also need to cool off. You do too." David: "Im getting worse and worse and worse... I did 15 yesterday. I did 12 a few hours ago! Why WHY WHY WHY WHY!" starts screaming, motionless in his despair. tears in his eyes  David: "Why is none of this working? ive done... what can I do... What is there left to do...? GRRRRAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!" Fox: Resigns and decides to be forceful "David we are watching a move right now understand?" David does not bush and gets in position. before he does the hand stand again, 17 year old kid btw just so you dont forget, Fox, who never did this before, bites him as hard as he can on the forearm and wiggles its head violently. David screams in pain and whips fox away, who lands safely Fox, with its tongue out... panting... Fox: "David... lets go. We will go to the farmacy first. Tell them I was throwing a tantrum or something. And not you. Ok? Look: This is absurd. David. Listen. LOOK AT ME DAVID!" David, with his face and eyes tomato red, sobs and sniffs, looking at fox, light wheezing can be heard David: "Yes... lets go... so I can feel sorry for myself while watching a movie..." Fox: "No. David: We are going to a therapist. Leyla pays ok? You need the ecu of that car of yours to work well understand?" David: "Thats... a good idea. Ok lets watch a movie, I guess...""