Ester, tank girl, psych2go and Filipa are in a CS 1.6 American pub server. They are playing de_cbble.
Filipa is second place on the team and Ester, who was almost dragged by Filipa, is on the other team in third place with a kdr of 3, complaining
at everything and generally being bored, like she always is, tank girl is in Filipa's team with a kdr of 10, (She knows how to bhop and her time in real life gtaV lobbies made her a killing machine both inside and outside 
her room.)
Psych2go is kinda... behind. She is not terrible, but has a kd of 3/4, on Esters team. She does not really care about the kills and when out of options, often serves herself as peek fodder so her more competitive teamates can roll through 
chokepoints
Ester asks Filipa: "Look, we are ok, now, right?"
Filipa: "Yes, yes we are."
Ester: "Because look, Im gonna be honest. This is very boring, and feels very meaningless. Can I go do homework or something, now?"
Filipa ignores her. Someone on Ester's team starts complaining about tank girl and the fact they can get to T spawn in seconds , after being in CT spawn, after starting the round in T spawn, just by bhopping, and
the fact they dont seem to need to stop bhopping to shoot down enemies in the head.
j1tt3rB0mb: "(CHAT): Hey tank girl! turn em off!"
tank girl: "(CHAT as she guns someone down by buffering the fire button before pressing the say key): turn what off?"
j1tt3rB0mb: "(CHAT): Your cheats! You are obviously not running the usual game!"
tank girl: "(CHAT): OHHHHH... (smirks) Oh yes I am, dude! You are just worse!"
j1tt3rB0mb: "(VC): GUYS! That "tank girl" guy is cheating! Ban him! Look at how he moves! Its like her game is on 2x speed!"
tank girl: "(VC): Guys... dont listen to him. Its not the game that is on 2x speed. Its me, ok?"
j1tt3rB0mb: "(VC): No thats impossible. Thats impossible. There is no way that that is YOU playing?"
tank girl: "(VC): Wanna come to my house and talk it over some kick butt, loser? I have no patience for lowly specimen like you..."
j1tt3rB0mb: "(VC): You just shot down a guy you could not see! he was behind a wall! You have wallhack! And you also shot him in the head 1 tap!"
tank girl: "(VC): Its called having ears. Yours seem to be enabled by toggling, but mine are always on, so I just pay attention. 
Your biology seems interesting, although a bit behind.  And definitely should still get it checked out."
Then, the first guy on Esters team, novis, intervenes:
novis: "(VC): hey j1tt3r, give her a break. Its the first time she is playing on this server. This game is on its last drops of blood. Dont drive away the customers, please"
(He is an admin "À paisana")
j1tt3rB0mb: "(VC) blablablablablabla"
tank girl: "(VC) blablablablablabla"
novis + j1tt3r: "(VC) blablablablablabla"
Ester: (Zoning out)
Filipa: "GOD DAMMIT IM DEAD AGAIN!"
tank girl+ novis + j1tt3r: "(VC) blablablablablabla blablablablablabla blablablablablabla blablablablablabla......"
Ester: "Filipa!"
Filipa: (Frustrated after dying again) "*God damnit... Sigh...*  yes?"
Ester: "What are those people speaking about? I dont understand, as they are all talking loud and I cannot even hear footsteps. And the novis player is getting is ass kicked, 
as is your top girl and some loser called j1tt3r on my team."
tank girl+ novis + j1tt3r: "(VC) *ANGRY SCREAMING*"
Psych2GO: "GUYS! STOP this! Violence is not the solution"
tank girl+ novis + j1tt3r: (Stop because of Psych for like 3 seconds, then...) "(VC) *ANGRY SCREAMING*"
Psych2Go: "AHHH THEY BITE BACK!!!"
(Discord)
Filipa: "They think tank girl is cheating. They thing she has wallhack. And they want to banish her from the server for using it. Its against the rules"
Ester: "*Wallhack? That sounds... promissing* What is.... wallhack? Why is it against the rules?"
Filipa: "It allows you to see through walls and stuff. It makes y-"
Ester: "How do you get wallhack? Is there some objective for you to earn it?"
Filipa: "No. You cannot unlock anything in this game. All you get are the weapons you buy between rounds during games"
Ester: "How do people get it then?"
Filipa: "External programs. They create dlls that they then inject into the game while its running."
Ester: "*Ester is internally fascinated* Can... can I make a wallhack right now and use it?"
Filipa: "*Shocked. Composed* uhhh.... why?"
Ester: "WHAT DO YOU MEAN WHY? CAN I HAVE IT OR NOT?"
Filipa: "It will get you banned from steam. Then you will have to make another account"
Ester: "Will the absence of an account take my identity away?"
Filipa: "Uhhh... not really"
Ester: "Will it take away my ability to use wallhack? I already have a plan to design one! The game is free, so buying this game over and over isnt really a problem..."
Filipa: "Remember, Ester: We are on a residence."
Ester: "Whats that got to do with me?"
Filipa: "You are unusually slower today..."
Ester: "*GASP* THE network speed!"
Filipa: "Exactly. Now immagine that, for each round (or sometimes not even a full one) you have to download a 1 GB game. Now immagine the game is 15 GB big"
Ester: "THERE ARE GAMES WITH 15GB in size????!!!!"
Filipa: "There are games that occupy almost a full reasonably priced SSD"
Ester: "What???? Then... No wallhack?! No!!!!!! My brain never goes to peaches and creamville! Its allways darkness and sadness and black! Why cant I have wallhack? Why cant I compete with people to see who makes
the best wallhack! Why is life so unfair????!!!!! People have no idea what fun is!"
Filipa: "*Sees Esters disilusionment.* Wait Ester! There are hack v hack servers!"
Ester: "What is that?"



