Filipa was in her second year in college at the Fausto residence near FCT at Monte da Caparica. She was studying hard at this time, motivated by Ester's trash talking and Adriano's Validation. She forgot about what they told her on her first day of being a responsible adult and just kept going because she was "starting to have fun with this". It was 1PM and it was a sunny May saturday. Today, she was struggling and stressing and hair pulling to calm herself down (she has a hair pulling kink.). Her hair line covers her temples and its there that she likes to rub her head to calm down. She enjoyed yaking small folicules of hair off her head. She was doing that and just staring with pure shock at her notebook for not understanding whats wrong with her exercise. She enjoys direct and practical challenges and the open ended and exploratory nature of the questions from Probabilidade e Estatistica (PE) makes her very anxious (she is autistic, as a reminder). She has no shame though and runs around the residence with tears in her eyes when she does not understand something (she has fragile ego). Ester is in the same year as her and pretty much slays in those same exercises Filipa struggles in but, as we all know, household angels dont bring miracles and Filipa hates being invalidated by Ester. She is arrogant and Ester is arrogant and cold. Filipa gets desperate. A fellow student sees her banging her head in the walkway and tells her: "Sorry. That makes noise. And you seem upset. Go have something to eat. Maybe that wil-" "SHUT UP! IM NOT A LOSER! GIVING UP IS FOR LOSERS! I WONT GIVE UP!" "CALM DOWN! Who told you that giving up is for losers? And... why would taking a simple break be "giving up"?" "My roommate told me!" "That minuscule girl? She barely leaves her room! I doubt she even tries as hard as you do..." "What? Really? She is top 3 of her class in nearly every subject!" "Wow... well... who cares. If you keep this up, nothing will get solved, either the wall will break or you will get a concussion and someone will wake from their nap! Do yourself a favour and please take a break! I am worried..." "Fine. Ill do it." She then takes a break and resumes. She then decides to go for a run. She knocks on Tomas's door and asks him if he can watch over her while she runs. When Tomas asks her if someone we all know has ill intentions, she says that its fine as her only worry is "to have someone pick me up when Im done running and to wipe the bloody piss of my feet". (she is not joking) She goes for said run in the park near the residence. She is seen laid down 3 hours after, after running for 1 hour 30m straight at full speed. She is sleeping. And has a nosebleed. The fact that she is laying on rough asphalt and has scratches on her cheeks suggests she collapsed from exaustion. Tomas decides to pick her up before she is found by stray dogs (already happened). She wakes up in Tomas's room hungry and weak. After some caregiving she is recovered. She then decides to go practice for Linguagens e Ambientes de Programação. (LAP). 