Filipa gets a fast fixie


This is the story of what happened when Filipa got a fixie road bike from her parents with  a gear ratio used in pro cycling time trials. So her parents, have been thinking about this for a while... and Filipa never knew... they hid it well from her... and so because she never knew what they were up to, she never bothered reading their thoughts. But... after Filipa completed 3rd year of college having only missed 1 subject, they got really happy for her, because the money they had been saving was not in vain. They said: "Filipa: throughout all of your current college journey, we have been speaking with your previous teachers and psychologists about your tastes... and obcessions... to know you a bit better... you are always so reserved... and we found out... your sporty vibe, your nerdy computer fixation, isnt it you, little tomboy?... and... we have a present for you!" Filipa: "But I dont need presents! I already have everything that I need! Im too old for presents!" But... what if we told you... that we saved up 1000 euros that you have at your disposal at right now... and... suggested you to go buy... a road bike? You know... one of the first introductory things you used to say to therapists in sessions was that your current mountain bike is "too slow"... right? That it does not let you go fast enough... you can... and because we are letting you choose, as the independent person that you are... you can choose model, color... 1000 euros is enough right? We cannot save much more... but its what you... are you... Filipa: "Mom! Just... thanks... so much... thanks... B- But... JUST GIVE ME! GIVE ME! GIVE ME! I WANNA GO BUY! I CAN HUG YOU LATER OK? THANK YOU! You know me so well... You really do! *gasp* IM GONNA BECOME KNOWN AS THE "FIXIE MOTOGP GIRL"! Im gonna buy a black fixie! to match my hair! AND IM GONNA RETURN BY RIDING IT IN THE HIGHWAY!" Filipa? "Yes?" No. "Fine..."
*So then filipa went and really bought it! This Bike allowed her, impossible for any typically fit person, to, in theory, reach over 70 kph with only some mild struggle!* Filipa was finally riding it... she got on it... "WOW! ITS SO LIGHT!" then tries to shake it appart with violence "WOW! it does not even squeak!" COME ON! LETS KICK SOME ASS! *She then starts stomping on the pedals... with visciousness... accelerating...* "Ok... what does the speed say.... FUCK! ITS IN MPH! I DONT FEEL LIKE DOING MATH NOW! FUCK IT LETS JUST FLOOR IT!" Filipa then started flooring the pedals into submission! She then rolled into the street, quickly gaining speed "Ok... its time to achieve... the legendary meme". She knew a school nearby. There was a cop too! She knew... it was her chance. She put on a mischiveous grin and waved at the police near the school, who were monitoring a radar camera they had set up. also... it was a straight... and the kids were all in recess too! So... she stopped... the bike. then got on it again... pedaling... with immense force! She gained more, and more and more speed! She was absolutely LEANING FORWARD! Grinning maniacally, almost aroused at herself for what she was doing! She accelerated more and more and more! She went by the speed camera, and as she did it, she yelled: "LOOOK!". And the veredict is: 67 kph! No doubt about it. its... school ticket speed! in... a slight incline too! Filipa then... had to pay a SPEED TICKET! While riding her bycicle! The confused looks on the cops faces were the best part for Filipa, delightfully taking in every detail in their expressions... the kids gripping to the school gradings... mesmerised that this huge legged girl managed to get a speed ticked riding a bycicle... they then went back to their educators... in syncronicity, to tell them about the whole ordeal... the educators simply dismissed them though... but yeah... thats what happened



"BITCHES CALL ME MOTO GP!"
"IM YOWAMUSHi ROSSI, BASTARDS!"


Ok: lets calculate Filipas POWAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!


Ok no. Im making a physics exercise here. Lets figure out how much power she was making! ok: lets assume 1- the fixie has no drag. 2- the coefficient of rolling resistance can be this random number I pulled out of an article "0.01832". lets assume she is in like... the plains of south america for the least power... ok what can be considered low air density?. Oh! lets assume that for the camera the air was still and that we are in the andes! So its gonna be her velocity squared! 

Ok... 0.9. We can assume she is a rectangle right? so its easier? She is a girl so... like... 45cm of width and then we use her height? Its fair... we are also assuming she is riding with the lowest possible air density too... so her area is (1.74*0.45)m2 which is 0.783 m2. this is for the force she was exerting. Ok. Now we have a constant force to work with. lets assume the fly by lasted like 30 seconds. and that the force was the same for the entire stretch, so mechanical energy was always added for every distance, and she was the only contributor. and also lets assume she is riding with no inclination because it should not skew it too much and can compensate for assuming she is a rectangle. We are ready to calculate power!
Wait no! there is a formula for power! total force times velocity! We dont need to calculate mechanical energies! Nice!

So... and we can use 0.9 for Filipas Car! Thats a cyclist's typical Car on race day! So...

For air drag force... we have:

0.5*airDensity*(vRel)^2*A *Car!

then... for rolling drag we have... assuming we are on the surface of the planet of earth...

9.81 ms^2

0.01832* 9.81 * filipaMass =  0.01832* 9.81 * 80.

And the final result for FORCE is:

airForce+ dragForce.

so...

the result is:


(0.5*0.9 *(18.61)^2*0.783*0.9 + 0.01832×80×9.81)N! ~= 124 N!

then... speed. Her speed in the feat was 67kph! which is 18.6 mps!
So... 124* 18.6 is... about 2333 watts! which is 2.333 KW... which is.............

3hp.


Oh my sweet jesus Filipa just generated 3hp. Thats is CRAAAZY!


YOU SEE THAT HORSE OVER THERE? I AM 3 TIMES STRONGER!

(Ok we know that horses generate that power while slightly bothering because if they are actually pumped we dont even get a chance to get a read but dont tell her)


