Filipa was in her house. She was alone and her parents were out for vacations. Although she does not really resonate with her parents very well, they trust and love eachother. Filipa always thought she was owed something from them. She fell victim to a sudden burnout detonation that left her burned out, miserable, despondent, hopeless, resentful and, due to her naturally rushed and bad judgement calls, also vulnerable to Ester's manipulation when the two first met, due to the time when she was on a mission of pushing herself to her limit in almost every aspect, trying to ignore her consciousness and the rules that society invented specifically to "Control the good people of earth"  and that she kept claiming did not own her, but felt like they did, deep down in her gut. She then forced herself into derealization, splitting herself from everything she knew. She did not want to feel like everything was a threat anymore. But later on, on an instictive act of wisdom and maturity, she spoke to her parents telepathically, without being aware of it (she thought she was imagining it. But her immature psychic powers ran wild for a few seconds, and her brain was actually speaking to her parents), forgave them. Her parents did not even know where the voices came from. "They were judgemental... They could have thought they were sick or crazy or something... right?!... but no! they simply talked back! They said they were aware of everything I was telling them from the day I... stopped talking to them. I just cant belive it. I... was the actual ignorant biggot... just younger. They were ignorant of my views on the world, but I was the one who wanted to make them angry. I used their own ignorance against them to make them angry..
 and then wanted them to feel bad about it. And they... just told me... they missed me. And that, no matter where I was, I would allways be their pride and joy. They also told me they just thought I was weird for being bissexual... They struggled to accept it, but it was all cultural. They did not genuenly feel resentment or hate. They were... afraid of me. I love them so mutch!" they would send her money every week. And she would send her pictures and texts of her in college or otherwise enjoying herself. For the parents and Filipa, it was all fair trade.
Anyway... it was overcast, but warm. Bit cold outside. There were kids outside her house playing football. She usually joins them by jumping out the bedroom window (its about 1.5m tall). Its 4PM so she decides to take a nap. Lets describe her physically: She has blue eyes, black, plain black hair, some blemishes on her face, a small nose. her eyes are very circular. She has no face acessories or piercings or any jewelry. She is 170 cm tall and weights 78 kg now. She has very strong legs, and mildly built core and back muscles. She is tennacious, arrogant and a bit of an airhead genius. Anyway she wakes up from her nap from the sound of the door bell. She gets up angry with angry groaning and goes open it. But... Ana Julia Alfaiate pulls up sneaking through her back window! Filipa does not notice her panther silent steps. She is inches right behind Filipa. Ana softly puts her hands on the shoulders of Filipa. Filipa feels a presence. She starts sweating... then her entire body turns red as a rash invades her face. Hiperventilating, eye spasms and urinary incontinence in the space of seconds. Its Ana. The soul crusher. She crushed Adriano back in highschool. Filipa heard stories of her from Adriano before... were they real? This assertive voice, the calm, strong hands. That sweet sweet voice! She is paralized with a mix of enjoyment and terror! "Ok. if you are a good girl you will now follow me ok?" Filipa nods obediently. Ana Julia was 156 cm, weighted 56 kg, but was agile, strong, tireless, disciplined and very assertive. And was such a sweetheart! Filipa is profusely sweating! "Bu...but mommy! I dont wanna go! Please let me go! *She is not gonna let me go, is she?! Omg Omg OMG!!!!!!* " "Theres nowhere for you to run. Grab my hand. You are a good girl, arent you? There... there..." As Ana Julia caresses Filipas frightened face full of tears and sweat. She felt immense shame about being dragged into her own room by the whims of someone else. But when Filipa saw the intruder and now host nonchalantly grabbing the keys and closing the  room door, the shutters and the windows, She know all she could do was beg for mercy. But her voice fails everytime she tries to use it and Ana reaches up to Filipa and puts a finger on her lips "Shhhhh.... its okay. Im gonna take very good care of you, okay?" Ana Julia kisses filipa on the neck. Filipa jolts backward, reaches for the door, where she cowers in fear, blocked by Ana Julia. "Lets be friends! I have a surprise for you!" She says this with her hands behind her back. Smiling with zero worries in her face. Relaxed like a cold cup of tea. Filipa, tries and fails to articulate words for 4 times in a row in the space of a minute, while Ana Julia was intimidating her. She finally spits it: "Whh.... what is... it?" Ana Julia rejoices in her victims terror: "You are such a good girl. So obedient and smart. But now you will zip it until I feel like it ok?" Saying this as she grabs her face with disdain. The invader lets her go and Filipa nods affirmatively, with tears on her red face. She has  a bit of resolve left and curls in a ball, right in front of Ana. "You just accept your fate like a good girl. I enjoy good girls like you. They are my favourites. Their meat is easy to cook and their tears provide good seasoning. Their salty from the repression. They are very healthy and drink lots of water, so there is also alot of it! Riiiighht?" Ana rubs her head in the back of Filipa, who is still in fetal position. After a couple seconds Filipa completly turns her back to her new friend. She starts crawling on her knees desperatly trying to acess the rest of the room. Ana also puts herself on all fours and starts stalking Filipa. Ana starts giggling. Filipa Loses her mind. She starts trying to poop in the floor, but nothing comes out. She gets on top of her bed and starts.... sleeping. Ana Julia is so confused right now that she stops playing. And starts getting serious. "Look trashbag! Im done playing! Get on your knees. Your defiance is really annoying, you know?! Get over here now! There is alot of stuff here I can hit you with! Your only purpose is to please your mommy! Your mistress! You understand???!!!!" Filipa wakes up and starts absolutely bawling her eyes out, screaming in desperation "Noo... NOOO NOO NOO NO MOMMY PLEAAAASSEEE!!!! IM JUST A GOOD GIRL! PLEASE DONT EAT ME! I PROMISSE I AM A GOOD GIRL! IM A GOOD GIRL OK???!!!  AAAAAHHHHHHhhhhh... zzzzzzzz" Resuming sleep right after. Ana thinks to herself: "This brat has a few screws loose hasnt she?!" Unnaware that, that was accurate before her guest appearance! Now Filipa is completly derrailed! Out of it! Broken! Ana has an idea: "Want bellyrubs?" Filipa wakes up and right before she even rubs her eyes she turns herself back to bed and takes off her top fit, the hoodie, revealing a... well ventilated underwear. Ana sees her abs. Ana tries to contain herself. but she is choking in shock! She wants touch! She wants touch ! her brain is yearning for a feel! 