Insertion:

Its therapist Marta's first day on the job! The apprentice that observed the psychiatrist Deolinda's therapeutic in many of her therapy sessions, including several with one very iconic patient: Ester Glaciar. Deolinda's approach to therapy is very excentric and specialized: Its basically medicine complemented coaching. Its just not coaching because there is medicines involved. The kinds of patients she deals with are often on the cluster b. During the first weeks, she allways looks for wayst to establish patterns and plans  for the sessions that she crafts with help of the patient. She gets to know them and scouts out the weaknesses and strengths. Using her very high levels of pragmatism and intellectual humility, she gets a grasp on how they function, what they want, what decisions they want to make but dont, their environment... Deolinda breaks down the useless, the excessive and any sort of crutch. Remains deadeyed through crying and emotional outbursts and remains seemingly hopelessly bored in face of any manipulation attempts. She is a mechanic, not a nurturer. And first, she is like a fireaxe, not a scalpel. When the house is burning down, she brings down whats broken and brings out the essence. Then, she switches to the scalpel. Her patients are often very rational people who are biologically impaired in terms of empathy (sociopaths), very unstable people who crave candidness and a tepid voice (BPD) or delusional people who need a slap in the face (narcissists). The patients never forget her. She pushes them forward. She lifts them from the urban tourer and pops them on top of a time trial bike. She molds them to conquer and move forward, with openness, honesty, humility, determination and patience. Deolinda plants... a Deolinda seed... in their patients souls. "She pushed me. I pushed me, I pushed me. I pushed me. I pushed me. I broke through a shell. I thought that was it. Then I broke through another shell. Then I thought that was all. Then, the next day, she looked at me and sait: "Good morning! For today..."" Deolinda is the kind of woman to be like: "ohhh so congratulations! You conquered earth? According to the plan,  We were suposed to be in venus by now, my dear. So I will wait for you to get bored of your self enfatuation then we will proceed, alright?" She has lots of weaknesses, though: She is terrible with psychosis patients, """"""""normal"""""""" people and cognitively/socially impaired people. Marta is brilliant specifically with  these people. Deolinda, even with all the confrontations the two had, on the last day with Marta, told the young apprentice: "You, Marta, are anti-Deolinda. Dont think for a second that I expect your approach to be effective. Dont think that I ever expect you to succeed or even be remotely competent. But remember: in the end, its my opinion. More strongly, In the end, if you every try to just copy someone else, specially me, it wont just be expectation. It will be objective reality. At this point in your career, its only possible to rebuild yourself from scratch as worse than before. You can, of course, correct yourself, but never fully rebuild. If you work with your body, there is allways the possibility in theory that you will not be able to even reach the surface of anyones shoe soles. But, once again, if you work with your body, you will allways be objectively better than if you dont. Either carve your home from lifes clay, or find some space where you fit. Otherwise, you will be forgotten. Sayonara. And good luck, "The Good Mercyful Soldier", "The Anti Deolinda" Marta, a salvadora acolhedora.". Marta was now on her own. She was now a professional. She had graduated from college and taken a Masters in clinical psychology. She also had a mixed background of experience. 