So I was walking along the quiet corridors of the residence at 9pm on a monday, Not really feeling anything in particular. I am listening to "Anastrepha" by Yakui the Maid and feeling energy to it. I feel comfy and fresh as I just took a shower and washed my teeth. I decide to go to the third floor. There, I walk into the kitchen and see Neenee. I say : "Haaaaay Neenee! :3" She replies : "I... already told you that m- my name isnt FUCKING NEENEE! *Sigh* Hello, faggot. How are you doing?" I say : "I feel comfy with myself, although Im unsure and dreading about anything that may happen one day after tomorrow" Neenee says: "Have you tried to become less obnoxious and actually get a life?" I reply : "If you actually want to help me with that comment, which I really doubt you do, It gave me a grand total of zero direction. Can you please be a bit less... mean and invalidating, please? And maybe, idk, try to not prioritize offending me?" She then says: "*Sigh* Do you... want a hug? I want a hug. Do you also... want one?" I flinch and get paralized for a few seconds, as I look mesmerized, overwhelmed and confused at her after that answer: "*Gulp* Y- Yes. Thanks!" She then walks up to me, slowly, holds my right hand, rolls up my right sleeve  and starts softly rubbing her palms across my arm, slowly, up and down, from shoulder to wrist. She then holds my hand, takes a step back, looks at me, eye to eye, with levels of kindness I never expected her to have. Her expression was candid, sincere and sweet. Her eyes were like a warm bath. Neenee'd smile was dead calm and she was slightly tilting her head. She then pulled both of my hands, gently driving herself towards me. She then hugged me. It felt warm. So warm. All the cold dysphoria, all the "No life thoughts" I liked to joke about so much, All the meaninglessness... All was gone. All I felt was her body, her soft hands on my back and her head resting on my shoulder. I could not hear anything. I also rested my head on her shoulder and felt her ribs on my arms. She should really eat a sandwich :3. All I could feel was her pulsating heart. She then asked while not even lifting her face from my shoulder: "Are you crying? My shoulder feels wet." I replied : "HmmmHmmmm" She then asked: "Did... you just come?" I replied : "HmmHmm" I then asked: "Why are your armpits so warm? Are you sweating?" She replied: "HmmHmm" asking after: "Loser, why were we angry again?" I reply: "I have no clue"