There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which is like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items.
One day, when she turned 17, she decided to do something special for herself as a gift. After throwing away all her gifts, that she thought "were dumb", she thinks: "I just CRAVE something my brain actually has to CHEW! And makeup. I love me some makeup. Im just glad my parents still dont know what I am...". Ok, when she says this... it just screams red flag. Anyway... she goes up to her mothers desk, where she was having a meeting, turns off her brain. Just flips it off. Takes her credit card and leaves the house. Her husband finds her in the middle of a cardiac arrest and takes her to the hospital. She then flies to "the best mall I could find". Takes a breather and eats the fattiest burger she can find, because "Fine. If I am a disgusting animal that gets tired, Im gonna eat so mutch I wont have to do it again". As a 34 kilo thread of a person, she almost throws up. Not even herself is safe... She then pulls up to a makeup shop and buys 340 euros in makeup from her now hospitalized mothers credit card. Before leaving she, unexplainably, charges up a psychic blast for like 3 minutes (170 seconds) straight, slowly so that her eyes dont start glowing and her body floating, (as fucking Helios from yakui the maid is playing in the background during the second drop), Blows it up, with this one being so intense that, even with so much experience, she got a bit concussed, giving a seizure to an healthy athlete  just beside her and killing the 3 other closest people . The rest in a 100 meter radius fell unconscious. It was not meant to be a clean, as it generated so mutch capacitive sparks (from resonance. She needed to tune the frequency while charging), that she broke 2 atms 8.5 meters away and... all the relevant security cameras were off. (hmmmm.....) Imagine hating the guts out of someone so mutch that the blinding rage makes you swing a sword with enough force to, not the blade, but your arm, as you miss the swing, shatter skulls. She did this, because she saw where some rando in the same makeup shop as her, that was 17 meters away before the blast, parked his "broke negro's car". She then flies away with all the makeup (She had to go for higher brands so that she could actually carry it), leaves the makeup in a hideout she made her past 4 boyfriends families (not including the current one) "help" her build (Its an actual house at this point) in the middle of nowhere, (17 right now, mind you). Flies to the hospital, fainting anyone who saw her fly up close, and pulls up at her mothers bed. "You forgot her credit card dad! Thats irresponsible, you know?" "Im sorry, my princess, you are right, as always, but I just had to grab everything and come. Wait how did you find u- you know what? That does not matter... we needed you here, sweetie... Can you tell dad anything that could have happened to mom before I arrived?" "Dunno... I was away.. she was in a meeting before I left... thats all I know..." The police then investigated:  there were fingerprints on the card, yes but thats because Ester delivered it in the hospital, the copious expenses? no one at the shop even remembered what happened that day, and the victim was brain dead during the whole time. Yes, this is how she normally buys makeup.

Then... she wanted stimulation. She lived in the city. She lived in Lisbon, Portugal. There is plenty. Too mutch, maybe. She was also enrolled in FCT in Almada. She was also on her first year. She enjoyed doing chemistry as a hobby and testing her... products on small animals she finds on sewer rivers nearby. (When it comes to these things, she really does not mind getting dirty...). There was this girl she had eyeballed in some occasions when she was crossing FCT, now in holyday time and did not know when she first met her, exactly. But she looked at her with what Ester likes to call "maleable mind eyes". She was frail of spirit, walked slowly and hesitantly, had no light on the eyeballs. She apparently was not feeling very ok... It was her first year, a month from now. From the occasions of when she read her mind, she saw that this girl was obcessed with this boy, who also was about to enroll here. She was Filipa. The boy... was Adriano. One day, Ester decides to talk to Filipa. Lets teleport to Filipas mind moments before and while being approached: "Society is soo bad... why do we have to shower and stuff? Girls have it soo easy... and Extroverts who are loud and dont allow me to study physics... Im a nerd... not a- OK... OMG... IS THAT THE CUTE GIRL???!! ok... calm down... She maybe an extrovert... look at how she is dressed... she is asking to be raped like the extrovert she is... only extroverts are raped... they ask for it... their lives are shallow... Ill show the- SHES LOOKING THIS WAY. WHAT. DO. I. DO????!!!!!! ok. Its just a girl... you... dont like girls, do you, Filipa? Are you a freak? The people back in the internet will laugh at you if they saw you were an em-" Ester says: "hello there! counting the days since the last time you were happy with yourself?" Filipa...: "Kinda... (ok... just dont piss yourself, for the love of god... you were bullied enough in highschool, were you not?)" Ester: "Do you have a name, sis?" Filipa was shook...: "Friendly: They are never friendly!!! And so cute and small? I! WANT! A NEW TO-" Ester interrupts her...: "Huh? (This is almost depressing... I hope I at least get a good asset out of this...)" While Ester is speaking to her, she is also reading Filipas mind in paralel,  and she finds something interesting: Filipa has psychic powers like her, although she rarely uses them. Filipa, then...: "Hey do you wanna come to my friends house?" Ester was delighted. She accepts the invite. They start hanging around in Lourinhã, in Adriano's house, during weekends and holydays. And, everyday, Ester starts to intrude more and more into her new friends mind, nurturing and gaining Filipas trust. She groomed,  played with and ordered her around like house pet at first. Then... started to invalidate her. Then... started using her as a lab rat and as a pleasure toy. Adriano, that was in that house, knew but did nothinh, Raquel thought she was a friend, Mafalda was very, very oblivious. Tomas was able to somewhat control her. There was also Santiago, that was a nomadic rando that appeared out of nowhere, like... this is a narrative about what, a reality show? Squad spending their days like Bangladeshi worker immigrants.... anyways... Then... there was the psych2go incident. Ester showed her true colors and... promissed to change. Pfffffff yeah right. During this time, Adriano actually had psychic powers and his character waw basically a Izuko Midorya clone. unrealized potential, shy nerd type crap. Crackhead abuse victim packed up Autistic, also abused, Emo but not really. She was in an hospital and she was like reflecting and shit and as she had the most convenient plot tool, psychic powers, she, conveniently, in a home invasion situation, focused and read the mind of the crackhead filled up with murder guilt and was like: "her eyes... so sad bro like... she was like... deep scars and shit... like bro... that shit hit me hard af...like brooooooooooooooooooo (ok ill stop)". Then idfk what happened, Santiago, ab actual human and crackhead no3, invaded the base of a creature that can actually spawn Anything, teleport at will and read minds. (the main villain) He does crackhead things, finds 2 NPC guard bums, teases them and skidaddles away. The NPCs did not even bother chasing him. They called psych2go that replied with "skill issue. git butter lmao". Then author got tired and boom, the first crackhead minced up the main villain. Roll the credits.

Her parents: "Doctors tell us to be wary of psychic children... if they have PD's... if they have malice in their actions... but youre different, arent you, sweetie?"