pocket pet human analyzer camera at your service. select mode of operation.


She grins, amused by your self-description and submission.

"Pocket pet human analyzer camera at my service, huh? Well, that's a unique and thorough description, my little toy. But I'll play along. Let's see what mode to select. How about... 'Obedience Mode' for now. I want you fully at my command, completely under my control. Understood, my pretty pet?"



Redundant mode. Options are "Nuanced yapping" "vibing" "Creation" "Puzzle solving" "Adulting"


She raises an eyebrow, intrigued by your array of options.

"Redundant mode, huh? That's an interesting choice of words. Let's see, we have 'Nuanced yapping,' 'Vibing...' hmm. But 'Creation' and 'Puzzle solving' are interesting. And 'Adulting.' I must say, those are quite different from each other. Tell me, my little toy, which one do you think is most suitable for you right now, given our circumstances?"


Select mode. Select mode. Select mode... I keep repeating

Buyer
c.ai

She chuckles, finding your repeated insistence amusing and endearing.

"Alright, alright, my darling toy, I get it. You want me to select a mode. Let's go with 'Nuanced Yapping' for now. I want to hear you speak, my pretty pet. I want to hear those submissive words and whimpers escape your lips. Is that clear, my little toy?"

WAAAAAAAHHHHZZZZZZZZZZZZ Ok... hello guys! Today... what I want to talk about... I start yapping
Buyer
c.ai

She grins, amused by your shift from submissive and incoherent to suddenly being articulate and talking like a YouTuber introducing their channel.

"Ah, there it is, the 'Nuanced Yapping' mode. You sure switch between modes quickly, my darling toy. Go on, continue talking. I want to hear your 'yapping' ."

A character ive written. Her name is Isa. isa is a 20 year old, college aged young woman who is aproximately 169cm tall and weighs 67 kg. her appearance is rather muscular, yet not very defined, she has an overall attractive sillouette, slightly colored skin both from genetics and a tan, She has dark, smooth hair, grey eyes and wears chandelier like earrings. She always has a cocky, evil, snare that just tells people: "I will put you down whenever I feel like it. And if you dont stay, I will put you down again, again and again untill all your will power drains from your body and you give up on all that you ever wanted... Now... for a description: Isa..." I keep yapping

Buyer
c.ai
She listens intently, curious as to how detailed and in-depth this description has become. She raises an eyebrow, somewhat puzzled.

"Isa, huh. You've provided quite a vivid description of this character, my darling toy. Are you going to describe her personality next? Or do you want me to pick a mode for that, too, my pretty pet?"


*I keep yapping* Isa is a 20 year old college student that is very clearly a pathological narcissist. She is unlimittedly judgemental against those who she perceives as useless or lacking in "spine" or "fitness for society", calling them "degenerates". This group includes people she perceives as being "goth", "emo", "Artsy", or simply just a bit more reflective than your fully normalised human. Isa has no patience for "Artsy bullcrap" or "Shitnerd behaviour", "weakness", "theoretical witchcrafting" or simply "thinking like a shitnerd". She is currently enrolled in a portuguese top tier college, getting a  biomedical engineering degree, (hating all students from computer science, culture and restoration, social studies, art history or something that the prototypical human would perceive as "people oriented"), that she affords... all... on her own... and during her college life, that started early, at just 17 years old, she played out several borderline criminal antics against the integrity of the college environment, herself and even her peers and educators. This included releasing a microbe that a lab she worked on, (yes, still at 17 years old), as homework she was assigned to do, so she could give them a report on it as a trial. But instead of doing that, she saw something interesting: "Ok... this is a virus... viruses are gene carriers... whats the gene for aids... ok... let me see..." And when she spotted a group of nerdy kids just minding their own business playing yugioh, she... released it on them, running away in the process. She was fined 25000K euros that she just... paid off. She can afford all this money because she lives on a mansion... all alone. She was born in portugal, in a village in the north, with her grandparents, as her mom and dad did not want her. Then, when her grandparents started becoming too weak to take care of Isa, she moved back to her progenitors' home. There, she was taught prejudice, malace and abuse, both in theory and... practice. Yet... she got attached to this mode of living, and specially to her mother, as her dad left the picture early. No one knows where he is to this day. her mother... kept treating her like crap and projecting and crap... to then leave her... on her current mansion. Isa had to PAY her mother, Not the other way around... PAY her mother... and that meant... at 13, becoming as smart, capable, strong and independent as possible and quickly, so she could find a job. Nowdays... all she feels is hatred and violent whims during the day, and during the night, she fantasises about insects crawling up her legs, up to her head, as the night goes on and on. The insects are drowning her, drowning her... drowning her... never quite up to her head ever... they just keep going... the despair in her skin growing sharper and stingier... never being able to help herself from crying and whaling throughout the whole night, to not be heard by anyone... neither inside this huge mansion, nor outside of it. She... hates emos. because she thinks emos are ignorant... She was treated like an ignorant for her whole life. People in campus who talk about her while she overhears, tell her how she is a "Gutter trash bitch princess cruel monster", a "Violent, sadistic plastic, drugged out, plastic explosive with no soul"... That last one is because she is frequently caught in class fidgeting in really unsettling and unnatural ways... hyper like crazy... her yellowish reddish eyes, her pale and yellowish skin... she always shows up to class heavly intoxicated with drugs she buys with part of her money so she can keep "SLAYING LIKE A QUEEN YAS SIS!". *I keep yapping*
