The story of Loser and Neenee


I imagine myself in strawman arguments in my favour with my crush and fantasize alot about pissing her off, but at the end of the day I just cannot accept that I would never be able to give her what she trully deserves with my current self, so now, although I am confident, open and can entertain people with reasonable reliability, I feel stuck inside an indestructible glass dome of pride and vanity and that I will never ever understand love :P

What do people in the residence where I live at even do all day? Oh yeah.... they work, they may meditate, they may exercise, they may chat with their families over the phone, they may not even be in their rooms all day (shocked)! The possibilities are endless... I really want to talk to people right now and just V I B E... Or maybe I should just practise a hobby or smth. Im already doing it Im writting :P. This place is lonely as hell... The people that study in a college that is right next door just come here for the study room at the entrance and dont really talk to anyone... (and also for the snack bar that is built into the residence in the ground floor). I read a post on reddit that said that a human needs 4 hugs a day for bare minimum survivability and that makes me severely worried! I am so entrenched in ironic self deprecation and unhinged, overly abstract reasoning that I genuenly think that all gonads do to people is give them base stats :P I am also completly all consumed by cynnicism and cringe if the humor shows that I watch dont make me laugh hysterically everytime (I just dont laugh because they are made for low class, basic people unlike myself). Although I am still a college student and technically still a nobody, if I enter a pharmacy, a supermarket or a library or anything, I will of course be polite and maybe even crack a few jokes, but deep down I still believe that I am better than you by design and I even had to use that mindset to even get confident enough to leave my house! If I was not this arrogant I would already have given up on everything!


In one of my self glazing fantasies I had with my crush in it, I am in the residence kitchen, dancing like an elevated primate (because I am a primate and I was elevated :P), and then Neenee shows up and says: "Sup loser! What could you possibly be doing with your life all by yourself at 16 hours, 15 minutes and 56 seconds in a sunday?" I reply: "Dancing :3" She replies: "But you look SOOO CRINGE! Why do you even want to dance anyway? Stop being an attention whore and give up on life already :P" "No, shut up shitnerd! I am performing a show for my audience!" "Who the fuck even is your "audience" you white suburb grown entitled manchild?" I then reply: "The Residence ghost, my dead grandma and the holy spirit"

My cold hearted crush Neenee existing makes me automatically not empty inside :P

I love crowds! That feeling of being surrounded by personalities, tastes, fears, anxiety, opinions, logic, imagination, strength, weakness... It just gives me so much purpose. I love being surrounded by crowds first thing in the morning with all of them talking at the same time, laughing and conversing. I love having to dodge all of em and to acknowledge their existence. Being one with my kind, feeling good or bad, either having clarity or not. It just makes sense! I love to disagree, agree and reply and listen! At the end of the day, I go into my room and crave hobbying, messaging people or simply doing nothing! I love to then rot in bed and just behave like a useless, soulless bag of organs to the best of my ability. No thinking, no scrolling, no talking. Just contemplating the alignments of shadows and the geometry around me in this minuscule place. I also like it when my crush of that time pops up in my head and she does... things. There was one time where I was just laying belly down, I was smiling to myself like a dumdum and laughing about dumb things. My crush of that time, lets call her Neenee, was a girl (I am a hetero male) who loves acting tough, rebelling against rules she made up and rising up to face the unfairness of this world. She says cold things, acts cold and is a quirky silly college girl. She is alt and likes to get drunk and write while drunk. She wears glasses, plays cello, does Taekwondo, has curly hair, has clear skin and freckles (I cant really recall but I think she does) and green eyes. She is very Tsundere, likes to reply with "real" and she thinks that not shaving her armpits is peak main character shit. She is self centered and arrogant (just like me frfrfrfr) and likes to use logic when its not appropriate to use it to aSsErT heR dOmInAnCe (I think its pretty cute). When I dont have a life and feel too much discontent to have productive thoughts, She often pops up in my head acting like a rebel that fights for girl-powerTM, In often really confrotational dialogue that consists in her starting a dispute for practically no reason so that it generates a strawman in my favour so I can put her down and win! (I crave validation). Overall I think she is a huge shitnerd just like me frfrfrfrfrfr and Im a petty loser with no life that meticulously and scientifically wastes as much life potential as humanly possible. :3 Anyways... I was chilling in a kitchen from the residence where I live and eating my processed garbage disk from lidl (they call it "carbonara pizza", I think) and she came. So I got up and told her "Good night :) (while smiling)" and she looked at me with the most dead face she could consciously make herself produce and said: "Check your privilege you creep! If you are a MAN you stay right where you are you hear?" I was so hypnotised by the fact she actually just spoke with me I just obeyed. I had no idea what she was cooking but suddently I just see her taking 2 steps back and getting into a fighting stance. I knew she was all about that quirly relatable college kid vibe so I just stood there, she wound her hips, and just ROUNDHOUSE KICKED ME IN THE NOGGIN!!!!!!! I was knocked out, hit my head on a table ledge with the speed gravity gave me and started bleeding from an old scar I had! Then one day later I wake up in her room, laying in her bed, confused and feeling crazy sick! She was mounting me and rubbing her hands on my smol flabby boy chest with slow movements and breathing meditatively and rythmically! She then spread her body across mine and whispered in my left ear: "Did you like that? That was my present for you. I even healed your bleeding!" I thought about it for a minute and replyed: "Yeah! I just wish I was not mortal and all that crap..." She then  rubbed her body gently across mine breathing in and out, slowly. Then she said: "Hey loser boy!" *sits on my waist* "Here is the address of the gym I train at. If you want more, come meet me there at fridays and tuesdays." *Grabs a card from inside her left sock and slips it in between my pants and my hip* "The times are here. Meet me there. You will show up!" She then opens the door and ragdolls me out of her room and slams the door shut


So I was walking along the quiet corridors of the residence at 9pm on a monday, Not really feeling anything in particular. I am listening to "Anastrepha" by Yakui the Maid and feeling energy to it. I feel comfy and fresh as I just took a shower and washed my teeth. I decide to go to the third floor. There, I walk into the kitchen and see Neenee. I say : "Haaaaay Neenee! :3" She replies : "I... already told you that m- my name isnt FUCKING NEENEE! *Sigh* Hello, faggot. How are you doing?" I say : "I feel comfy with myself, although Im unsure and dreading about anything that may happen one day after tomorrow" Neenee says: "Have you tried to become less obnoxious and actually get a life?" I reply : "If you actually want to help me with that comment, which I really doubt you do, It gave me a grand total of zero direction. Can you please be a bit less... mean and invalidating, please? And maybe, idk, try to not prioritize offending me?" She then says: "*Sigh* Do you... want a hug? I want a hug. Do you also... want one?" I flinch and get paralized for a few seconds, as I look mesmerized, overwhelmed and confused at her after that answer: "*Gulp* Y- Yes. Thanks!" She then walks up to me, slowly, holds my right hand, rolls up my right sleeve  and starts softly rubbing her palms across my arm, slowly, up and down, from shoulder to wrist. She then holds my hand, takes a step back, looks at me, eye to eye, with levels of kindness I never expected her to have. Her expression was candid, sincere and sweet. Her eyes were like a warm bath. Neenee's smile was dead calm and she was slightly tilting her head. She then pulled both of my hands, gently driving herself towards me. She then hugged me. It felt warm. So warm. All the cold dysphoria, all the "No life thoughts" I liked to joke about so much, All the meaninglessness... All was gone. All I felt was her body, her soft hands on my back and her head resting on my shoulder. I could not hear anything. I also rested my head on her shoulder and felt her ribs on my arms. She should really eat a sandwich :3. All I could feel was her pulsating heart. She then asked while not even lifting her face from my shoulder: "Are you crying? My shoulder feels wet." I replied : "HmmmHmmmm" She then asked: "Did... you just come?" I replied : "HmmHmm" I then asked: "Why are your armpits so warm? Are you sweating?" She replied: "HmmHmm" asking after: "Loser, why were we angry again?" I reply: "I have no clue"


I think the wish to do sex is a temporary thing that you feel when you find someone is statistically more attractive than average according to the general consensus of monkey brains everywhere and the wish to cuddle is something everyone needs to AT LEAST preserve mental health.



She will like, turn at you and just do the most cringe looking and artificial dead face one can force oneself to do (to make herself feel good and you feel bad. both allways at the same time) for zero reason! Man... its... so petty... so narcissistic, so vain... so bully... I think I am floating


OMFG I just realized... people know that I exist!


I think the wish to do sex is a temporary thing that you feel when you find someone is statistically more attractive than average according to the general consensus of monkey brains everywhere and the wish to cuddle is something everyone needs to AT LEAST preserve mental health.


When Im out of rest, at wits end and empty inside, all my emotions feel like electric shocks and you showing up felt just like lightning, my sweet Neenee <3

Oh my sweet Neenee!!! You are so cute, cringe and Ignorant as always :P. Dont you know that conformism is not a disease, it is a symptom? And that 90% of the time its not peoples own fault and actually due to trauma? And that, although you think all that you say is epic main character shit, and that you are just the best thing, period, those people genuenly believe all they are capable of is "making it to friday" and actually need compassion and encouragent instead of sensationalistic political garbage?
Shit did nothing of what I just said actually make any sense? Sorry... I just get so dizzy, confused and floaty in my tummy when you are around... I actually dont give a percent of a fuck about proving you wrong... I just really wanna try to convince myself that I deserve you by feeding myself illusions of superiority


I fought hard with tooth and nail to master classical and intuitionist logic, so I could be right all the time.

I was sitting at the residence entrance and saw Nina arrive back from college. Her outfit was as dazzling as the sun and as dazzling as her face and makeup. She was carrying her cello at the rear and a backpack at the front. I told her in a banterish was as she passed by me: "Thats a very weird looking surfboard!". She did not produce the slightest reaction.