Intro to Caleb:

I am Caleb:
It was tuesday. I was at the college residence. Classes had not started yet. Stuck in an all too familiar place, It all felt hopeless, sluggish, grey, almost spoiled. Everything around me looked dull and pointless. Back then, I had two friends who also lived there, I shall call them Bron and Delrey. Anyway, every movement felt just the worst possible ammount of awkward and difficult. I did not even feel like complaining. I just felt like... having a day, for the whole day, like in the past 3 weeks. I would wake up.... and then go to bed. I did not understand the reason behind any other person's actions. Then, one day, I found out Bron and Delrey wanted to organize a football match between several students. They were the most skillfull of the group. We then walked together to an abandoned asphalt pitch in the middle of nowere. The others were all talking to eachother and joking. I, as shy as I was, was just sort of minding his own business. When we arrived, the teams were made. They were 6 in total. I got assigned to the same team as "the top two". Delrey was tall, fast, clear headed, clever and innovative. Bron was talented, but was out of shape. But they were still way better than the rest. I got confused to why they woud even choose me. I just thought of me as just so weak and pathetic! One of the other team members was attending the  gym regularly at the time and another basically had regular, intense exercise as a childhood habit. The other was... just tall. So they all got ready, and the game began. Everything suddently stopped. As my mates charged forward, something  instinctive and pungent. Something deep, nostalgic and personal kept shouting: "STAYSTAYSTAYSTAYSTAYSTAYSTAYSTAYTSTAYSTAYSTAYDONTGODONTGODONTGODONTGODONTGO" I started looking around frantically and with full focus on the task at hand, like a posessed, mechanised, sentinel football guardian android, as the opposite team charged into us! They got past Bron and Delrey. I was cornered. But it resumed : "WAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAITWAIT!FORTHEMFORTHEMFORTHEMFORTHEMFORTHEMFORTHEMFORTHEM!" My blood itself was flowing violently and propelling me towards "so obvious" openings. I rushed at the bulky gym guy, who had possesion and cut him off. I... had the ball, now.  swaggered, overwhelmed and confused,  I ran at the goal  but stopped 2 steps into it and passed! And kept running! I had no idea what just got done. But it all felt so natural and... necessary. And... right. The other then guys quickly caught up, but Bron had scored. I then just felt the urge to run back as fast as possible! I needed to watch for attacks! "PROTECT!PROTECTWATCHPROTECT!ANTECIPATE!". I kept going throughout the whole game. I would just bullrush the middle point between the possessor, the aider and the goal. I would just lock into it like an automated triangle buster, and would block it all. I was clumsy and kept falling, scraping knees, elbows and hands as he took on the possessors 1 on 1 time and time again. But would just stand up, determined to get in the oppositions way, over, and over again. They would allways have to pass and get confused. We team let some in. But other times, I would take their ball and ran as fast as possibly could to pass to his peers. We would fail plays, but then I just ran full steam ahead back to the goal, bullrush the possessor and run forward. Time after time. Then... an hour had passed. My face was red, I felt dizzy. My left arm was bleeding ans my hands were numb from all the falling and scrapping. Eventually, the game stopped. I then collapsed on the concrete. I was grinding my teeth and crying. I was absolutely exausted. Bron walked up to me, crouched and asked me: "Still angry?" I could not reply. "All you trully wanted was a beating, wasnt it?" I remained quiet. He then said: "If you actually had some skill training, a somewhat better foot and some muscle, you would be unstopabble" I could not hear him. He then left. He came back a few seconds later. "Hey kid! Sit up. Drink this or you are gonna faint" I obeyed. He then gave me some water and then said:  "You... ran like an absolute horse out there. I... dont understand. All I see you eat is pizza! If the game went on forever, how much more do you think you could you run?" I replied: "I have no idea." "Get up. We are heading back. Its getting dark. Want help getting up?" "Yes." We, then, were back at the residence. Bron kept me company until I got in my room. We did not share a word. But his presence felt solid, reassuring, soothing. I got my room key from the reception and went back my room. As I opened the door, Bron was at the entrance. I then sat on my bed. Suddently, I felt desperately thirsty. I violently and agressively grabbed a huge bottle of water I had in my room and as I was about to absolutely tear it appart, Bron shouted: "HEYHEYHEYHEY! AND DONT JUST STOP WALKING!" He then lowered his tone and said, calmly: "Take small sips and walk around a bit, try to parachute your heart rate. I saw you do it while you ran around the pitch today. Do it, ok?  *You knew what you were doing, werent you?*" I felt shocked at his non chalant tone. It felt just like showering and not feeling the water. It felt refreshing. And assuring. "The guys will all be playing together at the parking lot near the entrance. I want you to stay here for at least 30 minutes. Do some stretches too. If you decide to show up and it has not been 30 minutes, I wont let you play. Rest well. Nice game. Catch you later. Or not..." He then leaves. I do as he tells me. The stretching felt kinda easy, though. I never even understood what the big deal was with stretches and physical exercise anyway. But 30 minutes later, I had decided to show up. They were all passing the ball to each other. There was also another guy. I felt immediatly hooked and jumped right in. Bron passed to Delrey, Delrey to the gym guy, that one to the other athletic guy and then from that one to their third teamate and then to me. I kept failing my passes. And we were all like 5m appart. After some time, Bron and Delrey looked at eachother, smirked and yelled: "Hey guys! Do yall want to learn basic passing?" I was like: "Huh?! Am I that bad? Are they teasing us?!" I then remembered what passing looked like on TV football games. And felt insulted. And thought: "There is no way I am going to LEARN PASSING! WHA- HOW DARE THEY?! JUST BECAUSE I AM NOT AN ATHLETE LIKE THEN DOES THAT MEAN THEY HAVE TO MOCK ME?!" I then calmed down and asked, still immersed in heaps of disbelief: "P- Passing?!" Delrey responded: "Yes, Passing!" I replied: "Why would you have to learn passing?!" He then ignored me. Bron then said: "Hey! *third opposing team guy's name. Lets call him Carl*! You come here! Delrey, take that guy next to you *that was me* over there! We are going to do some passing drills with them. What do you think? To relieve old times?" Delrey smirked, then replied: "Yes! That sounds like fun!". Some minutes later, I was beside Delrey and Bron was beside Carl. Me and Carl were 20 meters appart. Suddently, Delrey  shouted: "Bron! Here!" Bron passed him. The ball, as expected from what passing is, goes straight to him. Delrey then said: "Pass to Carl." he then shouted! "Carl! Incomming!" I then... passed him. The ball went waaaay sideways. "Well... that was hopelessly embarassing" I thought. I had missed. Some seconds go by and Carl passes (or tries to pass to) me. He also went waaaay sideways. I felt a small gust of arrogance as I watched him fail too. Delrey then said: "Ok. here is how you line up. Your back like this, your hips like this and use the side of your foot, like a sweeper." I was confused. It felt awkward to do it the way he told me. I kicked it. It technically went were I wanted, but I hyperfixated on what seemed like unnimportant posture details, so it went basically nowhere relevant. Carl did it better this time. Some more attempts go by and I quickly start feeling very, very embarassed. Then that quickly turned into anger. Then... I got... 1 pass right. For this attempt, I had to stay there trying to feel my posture for a good part of half a minute. I felt soooo irritated! I felt like I was playing pool! Or golf! And then I watch Delrey do it... He gets it, one touch from him later I see it roll with fast pace directly to Bron. Delrey then told me: "Hey! Try to relax a bit. And play a bit faster! You are wasting time." In my head I, sarcastically was like: "Huuuuuhhhhhh???!!!!! Thanks?????!!!!!! I know that I am slow already!!!!! But apreciate the advice anyway!" I then play faster as he told me to and, surprise, it goes MILES off! "Kid! You look terrified! I also had told you to relax your muscles. Keep this in mind on the next ball. For this one, I want you to sit still exactly where you are and to puff up your chest." I was very confused. "Puff up... my chest?" Delrey then shouted: "SEND HER FLYING BRON!" I had no idea what was happening and was scared, but still puffed my chest. 20 meters away, I hear a *thud* and then basically a missile soaring in my direction. I see it arc left slightly, I was scared for my life. I closed my eyes and puffed my chest and suddently just
... feel the ball bounce off me...from my chest. It did not even hit my diaphram. It hit... my right pec. He was 20 meters away, he shot it with force, height and arc. Delrey told me to sit still. It could have missed, hit my stomach, my diaphram, my head! It hit my right pec."  Delrey then smiled at me and asked: "Whatcha think?" I was.. "Wow... I WANNA TRY THAT!!!!" I violently and fully pull back my shooter leg with a borderline manic smile on my face and scream: "CARL! CATCH IT!!!!" As I am about to kick it, Delrey, puts his hand on my shoulder and just says: "No." I then growled at him. I guess its back to planet earth. I then look at my target line up and kick. It went soo sideways this time... and then... Carl did a slightly better pass than last time. Then it was my turn. It was absolutely horrible... AGAIN!!!! It felt so unreal! I then wondered: "How did Bron and Delrey catch ANY of my passes at the last game?!" Some more attempts passed and I eventually started complaining. In one of those complaints, I said...: "Grrrrrr!!!!!! I have had It! This is embarassing! Tell me! Why is it so hard! Why *I have tears of disbelief on my face as I remembered my childhood memories of me watching football on tv and fantasizing about myself playing*... WHY IS IT SO EASY ON TV??!!! TELL ME!!!!! WHATS WITH ALL THIS POSTURE NONSENSE ANYWAY???!!!!! YOU ARE JUST MOCKING ME, ARENT YOU?!" I kept raging around. The other peers just kept chatting. The insects just kept buzzing. Bron and Carl were cracking jokes at eachother. And, like all the rants from the past few attempts, he just let me be done. He then gave me back the ball and, non chalantly, told me: "Do it again." So I did. Then... 3 hours had passed. We were all starving. We had to head back. It was dinner, shower, bed time. I kept being angry for hours. During dinner, when I sat with some more familiar residence friends, I spoke with no one. I just wanted to cry. I felt embarassed, tired and... small. But... not empty. I then went to bed. I felt unusually calm, clear of spirit and all that my mind kept repeating was Delrey saying: "Do it again."