The meeting

This is an episode between Ester, her Psychiatrist Deolinda and a young female intern. Her name was Marta and was 24 years old. This was her first day observing Deolinda. She is waiting, scrolling on her phone. Ita 10:30 AM. Its sunny outside. Its March, so its spring. Deolinda arrives. Marta suddently feels a strange presence and then there is a giant woman towering over her. "Good morning", says Deolinda with her rash and rough voice. "Good Morning!", says Marta, stuttering stressed, confused and scared. Deolinda sits down. She sits slowly and gracefully, but with a bit of struggle, like a giraffe reaching for water in the african savana. Deolinda turns off her phone. She then pulls out a cork board, a small  pocket sized box full of tic tacs. The board is full of marker lines and is worn out. It has notes and... toys (?) all over and looks really confusing (nah in not joking. She lowkey got like 5 hotwheels glued to it and some toy micro houses. sh** looks like a monopoly board). Marta then, forgetting about her stress due to curiosity, asks: "What is that?". Deolinda replies, with a slow, methodical speech and barely any entonation, almost coming off cynical and passive agressive: "Oh. So you are... the intern they told me about." Marta, now sweating and breathing shallowly and in a rushed way, tripping on her words but trying to keep cool replies: "Yes. Yes I am. You... bring that with you every day?" "Yes. its my thought board. Dont worry about it." "Why... would I worry, Miss Deolinda?" "I dont know... you are obviously scared out of your mind even though there is nothing here that can hurt you. Go take a breather. I bet you need it." "Y...yes!" Marta leaves. Deolinda, then, starts monologuing: "When did people start becoming so afraid of life? I dont know. I dont care. I get patient. I fix patient. Thats what I do. Ok... so my next patient... is her. She seems to be getting too confident with playing with death. I gotta make sure she stops trying to dive inside stuff. And she keeps, literally, adressing herself and others as... tumors and... "myelomas". I dont even know what that means but it sounds like its a type of tumor because it ends in "-oma". Whats her deal with tumors anyway? Ive already told her to abstract herself from any attempt of her brain of labeling itself. Like hell this will help her... I just dont want to give her medication. Thats a crutch for incompetent psychiatrists and people alike. She just needs to understand herself and think of herself with nuance and a tepid eye. Being responsible and prioritizing action over pointless validation. These stupid people dont understand anything. People need understanding, not vague words. They need tools, not emotional candy. She is going to the gym to address her body image problems and to learn humility, She is quiet quitting at her job full of pathetic academic narcs and she has (had) a friend she understands. And her answer to all of that is still to  " only commit suicide in public so people can help me"." Marta comes back. She sits in her chair with fake calm forced movement. A breather did not help her. There is something... weird about Deolinda. She seems confident, yet unpretentious. Calm and collected, but active. She has a rough voice but is also old. Is it her height? Her face?" Its time. At the exact time the digit on her phone flipped, The patient arrives. Its Ester. She has make up, red hair with some yellow strands, green eyes, a hopeless and frustrated expression, Branded leather skirt, net leggins, and unconfortable looking pink high heels. But the top side of her fit is totally different. She has a plain grey long sleeve thermal shirt that covers her and a warm kispo. This is all of course children sized because she is, at most, 1.5m tall. She has pitch black eyerings, her face is full of patches. She has red lipgloss. Marta thinks: "In what planet... am... I?" The session starts as soon as Ester sits down. Ester clinches herself as if she is ready for a fight. Deolinda and Ester begin dialoguing: "Ester. Have you made any progress at the gym." "I use normal dumbells now." "Can you remind me again why you go to the gym again when its clearly not for you?" "Its impossible to cheat at a gym. I want to be able to go grocery shopping without... manipulating people into doing it for me. I want to do things without being a tumor." "Whats your deal with tumors?" "Thats what I am. Thats what I was. Before I was an evil tumor. Now I am just a broken tumor than can only take up a society slot that another person could have gotten instead. There are schizophrenic people that suffer more than a rat like me that dont get any love." "Calling names is useless no matter who, what or at who, at what or when. You are just delaying your ability to take action. You need to think more, you see?" "Then... why do people complain?" "Because they are weak. They know very well they can allways waste a little less, care a little more, pay more attention and be less redundant. But they avoid that by complaining. If you can convince someone that identity is the social worlds biggest idiot generator clowns teach and all humans can do propely is move forward, they do it. Proving that complaining is useless calory waste invented by lazy people. It does not matter what your outfit says: Your art, your street sweeping, your skills... all can be better if you stop complaining. It does not matter when or how. Just... stop." "Then... is 90% of human speech... "calory waste?"" "Yes. Anyway, now what you need to do is keep up the gym. Are you feeling more confident yet?" "Having to lift the same as 12 year olds kind of sucks... it makes me feel like a worthless pest that only orders people around" "Just keep going. Never stop. How much can you do?" "I can squat a really heavy shopping bag now, according to my PT." "Yes. Thats right. move forward." "Ok then..." "Anyway... friendships?" "Isa died. Now I have none. My actual best frie-" Ester is gripping her mouth, shocked. She admited a lie "You, you, you.... Wasnt Isa your best friend? Your dishonest! You are still too much of a coward to move forward without looking back." Ester starts bawling "B.... But Isa reminded me of me It was so insufferable! Sorry No! I did not like her ok?! Not every decision is good! I allways felt like that was not the case, but it is right?" Deolinda then speaks in a slightly louder but very assertive tone, making every sound in her mouth feel like a stomp in even my narrator chest! "Wrong! Every decision must allways be optimal for your situation! Otherwise you just did not think through things hard enough and just commited the mortal sin... of being hopelessly trash at life! Come on, Ester! It is like you are camped, coffee mug on the side, mounted tent with a village behind you, aiming down a choke and missing all your shots! Get better, please!" Ester feels intimidated at first, but then gets filled with resolve "*Gulp!* R... Right! I will not falter! Im sorry! I wont be incompetent anymore!" "Good! Otherwise, if you stop moving, you will sink like a shark!" Deolinda stops for a couple of seconds then continues: "If you want to stop, your brain will make you start from scratch. You have to be agressive." Marta interrupts saying: "Miss Deolinda... why arent you a little nicer? Show some emotional support. Its cool when your car is very reliable and very poweful, but, unlike cars, humans need colour. You are talking to a person! I just dont understand you. The image you give away is either tepid or cold! WHY D-" "Miss Marta, I actually saw your CV, and it says you are very rational and collected. I think you are just the opposite." "I am not rude to people! You told her she ..."sucked"... about with 3 different analogies!" "How is telling her that she sucks... rude?" "It... just is! What are you talking about?! I... dont understand! You should validate her! She is yearning for connection!" "I am not only connecting with her, I am also validating her and furfilling all her needs. I am not telling her she sucks as a person. I think thats allways pointless like any normal thinking mentor. I am just telling her she is a person... that is acting incompetently. Separating her from her outcomes. She is not a normal case and she knows it. She also knows that her CURRENT frame of mind is just gonna keep telling her trash CONSTANTLY! Im just trying to shatter it full force! She is wrong, she is doing things wrong and she needs to acknowledge it! When do you realize that not all patients fit the norm? Not all patient is your patient, Ok? Alright... one could argue" "B..
BUT!-" "ONE COULD ARGUE, that, no matter how small of a distance, you can allways move a building out of the way, because of perfect stillness being a paradox or whatever. I know what you are trying to say. "She needs love!" "She needs support from people around her!". I know. Mercury is also too close to the sun and that that it is a shame because some think it is beautiful out there! She has done things and  been through things you can not even dream about in your worst days! I wont treat her like a "normal" person because it does not work! She is not the conventional patient! The part of her that your approach puts load on is her TRex arm. Its innefective and inneficient. part of her is broken. BUT NOT THE OTHERS! Saying you can move a building out of the way, is technically correct! Absolute zero movement does not exist. Saying it makes practical sense, within practical constraints, is stupid! And yes! I know! People are not stupid! I dont need to tell them this. Buuuut they sometimes behave idiotocally and do stupid things, because they are ignorabt and desperate! People need to stop being such cowards in calling out nonsense and incompetence! Im sorry, but you have alot to learn about reality, miss." "But... But why are you so...mean? You act just like a narcissist!" "I just feel entitled telling the truth! And I am so DEAD EXAUSTED of being called that! It was first offensive, then it was funny, then it was boring. Then it was funny again and now it just drains my enthusiasm for life by the gallon! What do you know about me anyway?!" Ester shouts! "Deolinda! I thi- I know what myeloma means for me! Its the blood! Its not an organ! Its not a part or screw! The fuel is wrong! My energy... my entire approach to life is wrong! I am very familar with diseases because I studied in a biology course before! Myeloma is a blood tumor! A specific blood tumor, that affects the immuity cells and the purfiers of the blood and sealers of wounds! I feel like I cant forgive myself! I cant seal my wounds! The things that generate thoughts in my head are corrupted! I need... forgiveness! I need... my due punishment! I feel disconnected and I hate myself. I th... think I got it. I need... to stop running away from shame. All this... relentless pushing forward is making me have an excuse to ignore it! Thats why I am getting worse! Can I... talk about my shame please! I swear it will solve everything!" Everything stops for a moment, its almost like this is a psychiatrist meeting! Deolinda, then, replies with this: "Well... why dont you turn yourself in?" Ester replies: "Are... you... j... joking? I commited... idiotic" Deolinda smiles, spreads her huge arms and yells: "COME ON YES! MORE HONEST!" "I KILLED HUNDREDS, I WAS LAZY AND I DID NOT EVEN GET ANYTHING PRACTICAL OUT OF IT! I AM ARROGANT AND A COWARD! I JUST COULD NOT GET ENOUGH OF MY BEST FRIEND BECAUSE I WANTED TO BREAK HER! I DID LEARN BUT I STILL DEEPLY FEEL LIKE SHE DESERVED IT! BUT I AM ALSO SUCH A COWARD THAT I FEEL I COULD NOT SURVIVE IN PRISION! NOT IN A LONG SHOT! SO I WONT TURN MYSELF IN! Its..
 br....ratty and.... irr...at...ional!" Deolinda replies: "No. Its not. Its your weak side of conformity shining through. But you wont last a day in prision. And I am not talking about your spaguetty stick of a body. I am talking about your mind. It may purify you. But they wont let you out so soon. You dont need a college degree to be competent. And you dont need to show yourself to the world while being punished. That will just make you feel worse. Ignore that. And just move forward in a conventionally productive way! You mau be used to dishonesty, but someone like you cant possibly be out of ideas can you? Come on! I almost feel sorry for you..." "Yes. I will think better this time. I promisse.".