So I was back from college at the residence. I grabbed my keys after greeting the staff and went upstairs to my room. I put my stuff down, took care of intake and fluids and solids, booted up my computer. I resumed something I was working on yesterday: Implementing my first Red-Black Tree class in java. (I know they are like mediocre AVL trees, but I simply love them for some reason). I then got hungry and went ti get food. I some pizza and some soup of a lidl store just down the street and came back. I also have a beyblade toy in my room I had bought a few days ago. People will never understand. They think they are so serious with their science, and politics, and psychology, and whatever the.f*** they talk about. I carried my forks ,and my knives, and my spoons and other food consuming helper gadget devices up the stairs into the 3rd floor. Up there: in the kitchen. There was somebody in there: Who could it be???!!!!! You know it!! Its Marisa from the law faculty right next to the residence! Shes pretty cool... Kinda boring but... ANYWAY I started heating up my soup and got into a corner where my beyblade would not scratch or break anything (that is a legit possibility! I have a ray striker and that crap comes with a rubber flat! When I spin it, it sometimes goes CRAZY!!!!!). Soups done! Munching time! Then... As I was slurping on my soup (I mean... even if I did try to eat it with my spoon, I would technically still be slurping... its soo thin! Its got no consistency! Its just water!), This time, the woman, the myth, slay queen godess of...*BRO STOP GLAZING! GET ON WITH IT!* ok FINE! NEENEE, pulls up. Neenee comes with her boyfriend. They sit down and stuff. I finish my soup. I then put my pizza in the microwave and let it rip! Man... I love watching it spin. But....look at it go! It wants to hit something soo bad! Neenee then comes up behind me and tells me: "Are you really still playing with stupid toys? Act your age!" I ignore her. "Hey! Listen to me, you nerd loser! Get a life! Watching you hunched in a corner like this is giving me the second hand chills and the cringies!" I reply: "Yeah... yeah... is there something productive you wanna tell.....me...hey! *Where did she go?*" She was gone. So I turn back to my striker which had already stopped. But... next second, I turn my head back and HER FACE WAS MILIMETERS FROM MINE! (I felt kinda turned on, not gonna lie!) And then she violently steps back and PULLS OUT..... A BEYBLADE?????!!!!!! "That is not a beyblade! That is a toddlers toy! THIS is a REAL beyblade!" Her bey was a variares! Her boyfriend then gets up and gets to the kitchen door. Before leaving, he says: "Loser! Finish eating and meet us at room 359! Knock 3 times. Bring that with you! Sayonara!" Neenee then looked at me, smirked and then left giggling. I then ate, washed the dishes, put stuff back in the freezer and my room.Then went to room 359. I knocked 3 times and they opened. I got in. It smelled sooo much like...the man juice and some ... other thing that I did not know what it was. They were both wearing only underwear and I was kinda scared and intimidated. She yelled to her boyfriend: "sweetie... BRING IT OUT!" her boyfriend... okai that is it he has a name the poor bloke! Im gonna call him Cristiano Ronaldo! Ronaldo then brings a BEYSTADIUM AND SMACKS IT ON THE FLOOR! Neenee then says, smirking playfully: "Nononononono! This is no good! BOTH OF YOU WALKING HOSES!  STAND ASIDE! LET THIS GIRLBOSS COOK!" Then, she presses a button hidden behind her bed and the floor opens up! Its a hole about 1 and a half meters in diameter! What the hell is happening?!  Then a STADIUM STARTS RISING FROM UNDER! I then ask, almost in shock: "How do you have time to build this?! Who let you build this???!!!!" She just replies: "My dear friend... its never been about how much time you have. ITS ALLWAYS ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME YOU USE! And those staff are VERY dense!" Then...Neenee... just yells: "YOU! LETS BATTLE!" She then drives her arm forward, holding her bey in my face. Her expression gave me chills and crushing pressure, I was still... nervous. She... was still wearing... only underwear. I was still... so ****ing confused. Her boyfriend was just staring at me with a serious face... also....still only in underwear. I barely know how beyblades work... I watched some videos about it to relax at night but... what the hell... it all went from programming, to annoying wet blanket personalities to "omg I have to remember how to do a flower pattern now!" in like two hours. But then... I just thought: "**** it!" And yelled: "YOU ARE GOING DOWN, B**** PRINCESS! LETS DO THIS!" Neenee then took her variaries, and put it to her heart. She looked silently at me, with eyes of an eagle, for a good part of two minutes. She then, suddently, lowers her head and drops her arm like it was made of rope.Waits a second and looks at me with full open eyes and an all-teeth-visible smirk. I was paralized. She then snaps out of it into a relaxed, casual pose. She then asks: "Wanna try some special pills I made? Its goooooooooooood stuff!" I was genuenly worried for my life. Her boy friend was now right on my back and just when I snapped back, she was gone. She suddently appears on my side saying: "Here! Its for you! I made this one with care. Please take it. For me, you are now officiallu the same height as me, comrade! Join me!" I asked: "What.... is it..... made.... of?" Neenee calmly then says: "Me and my boyfriend were on vacation at the amazon rain forest once and we came across some really good stuff! Red and white mushrooms from super mario! We just went on a munching spree. From that day on, I was not an atheist anymore. And I dont want anyone else to be either. I am now a christian and the princess of God. You wont regret it. Lets go to heaven together" I asked: "Did you *munch* on toxic mushrooms? How are you NOT DEAD???!!!!!! No offense, of course" Neenee replied: "Jesus chose me to be his princess. I just barely did not die because I was his pride and joy. Me and boyboy collected like 20 of them, put them in a blender, dried them a bit, turned them into a thick paste and used some used pill capsules. *Sigh.... pussies that dont swallow the capsules.....*" "B....But-" "But implies alternative. But you are the bottom of the stack. You are the keeper in the penalty shootout. You are a NIL node of a Binary Tree. CRISTIANO HOLD HIM!" "WAIT! WHAT ARE YOU DOING???!!!!!" "GET THE WATER RONALDO!" "I CANT, PRINCESS! HE WILL JUST RUN AWAY! LETS MAKE HIM CHEW!" After some of the most scary moments in my life, resisting, kicking, screaming for help and with Ronaldo restraining me, culminating with Neenee literally tricking me with a possibility of a kiss to then pry her fingers inside my mouth and force it open, just after Ronaldo had handcuffed me, she jammed one into my mouth, clamped my jaws shut as hard as she could and then, said: "To achieve true bliss, sometimes you have to swallow some really tough pills. Its not personal. Its my mission. You either swallow it or we have problems, ok? One will not kill you. I even promisse that your life will change forever" So... I swallowed it. I then asked: "What... is this going to do to me?! What awaits me?! Tell me! Im scared! Are you trying to poison me?!" Neenee just replies: "Everything is okay now. Get ready to battle."  *He will join me in battle, I will kill him and then I will join him in heaven when I go out* Then, Cristiano Ronaldo got a pill from... an actual blister aluminum foil full with them! They are actually professional drug dealers! Oh my god, someone tell me this is not real! Anyway... he got the pill, put it in his mouth, then slowly came up to Neenee, who gently caressed his face, softly rubbed her hands on and delicately blew on his arms, abdominal area and groin. Then stood up and uttered with tears on her face: "My... beloved!" Ronaldo replies: "Princess!" Then they kiss for a few seconds with Cristiano delivering the pill from his tongue to hers, so she could have it. Most based way to take drugs to be honest... She then kept kissing him  and then hugged him, then slowly stepped away, But as I was witnessing that, I was thinking. "I had sworn to my family, my psychiatrist, my psychologist, my brother, my friends, myself I would NEVER do ANYTHING like this. I guess that now I really dont have anything to lose... I am actually the bottom of the stack now." Then, we got ready to do it. She was aimimg her launcher. I was aiming mine. It waa time. *3...
 2.... 1.... LET IT RIP!* "GOOOO STRIKER!!!!!! TEAR THAT VIPER APPART!!!!!" "SLAY THAT MONSTER AND SEND HIM TO HEAVEN VARIARIES!!!!!!!" The beys run at each other like trains and when they clash it sounds like a plane had crashed right outside the window. After a few moments when the smoke cleared, her bey was running around like crazy all over the dish, going so fast that it started to smell like burned plastic. "GOO AGAIN, VARIARIES!!!!! ATACK MODE!!!!!" I thought: "Atack mode???!!!!! was she not already in it???!!!!!!! *GRRRRR!!!!!!!!*" Then shouted: "GOOO STRIKER!!!!!" I somehow guess her next move and intercepted it. There was another explosion and sparks and striker is sent flying! I looked desperate at it up there, but it landed on the stadium. Variaries had slowed down. "Striker! FUUUUUUULLLL FOOOOORRRRCE!!!!!!!" I then attacked Neenee relentlessly and repeatedly. "AGAIN! AGAIN! AGAIN! AGAIN! AGAIN!" I attacked, attacked and attacked from all angles, trying to free myself from shame. Neenee them said: "Not bad! I was actually hoping your attacks would do anything, though..." I got angry: "SHE IS BLUFFING!!!!!!!!! ATTACK HARDER AND SHE WILL BREAK!!!!! TEAR HER TO SHREDS!!!!!!!" My slams got more frequent and more violent, and I even saw a shred of metal fly off. But... it was from MY Striker! She then looked at me, calmly and smiled, gently and peacefully. She swang her arm. Her variaries then took an hit from me and did. Not. Budge. It then zipped into the edge of the arena and started going faster, faster and faster. It kept speeding up for 4 consecutive minutes until it got so hot it was glowing red and the stadium now contained a crimson, bright, glowing ring contouring it and a lone, quiet, green bey at the center. Then Cremation by Yakui the Maid started playing and there could not be a better song. The chaotic, manic laughter from Neenee, my panic that was consuming me, her Variaries zipping around the stadium sounded like an angry and twisted Angle grinder equipped with a RIMAC engine, digging violently into the stadium. I was desperate. There was a cloud of gas, colorless, odorless, tasteless gas around me. It did not want to harm me, it did not insult me or validate me or encourage me or guide me or even comunicate with me. It was swallowing me. My striker was slowing down. Her variaries was speeding up. All I saw around Neenee was a distorted hellscape, full of magma, fire and sparks. All I felt around me was cold shivers. More blobs of gas started separating themselves from me, I was getting weaker and feeling dizzier and dizzier. Felt my soul staring back, coldly and distantly.  I had lost hope. Myeloma from Yakui the Maid started playing. All I felt was slow and nauseating degeneration. I was getting 10 years older every minute. Then, Neenee, like a predator, Struck me with full force. Variaries had been speeding up for 10 minutes straight, allways at the same rate, like she just found some physics cheat code. "VARIARIES! SPECIAL MOVE! DRAAAAAAGON SLAAAAYEEEER!!!!!!" Her bey crashed into mine. I could not hear anything. The dark had replaced all my blood, but also swore to god that my eardrums were on the verge of bursting. I felt like I was hit by an actual mortar. But, when the smoked cleared, Neenee was on her knees, sweating, gasping for air uncontrollably. Her variaries was wobbling. My striker...... was.... also wobbling. If Neenee normally acts completly insane, then she completly gave in to the itch in one of her shoulders and decided to keep going. She proceeded to immediatly throw up and then, suddently, her skin turned white snow pale. Then... she slowly got up with a emotionless expression and when she was fully standing,  she immediatly bursted in uncontrolable laughter for a solid 20 consecutive seconds hugging herself looking at the walls, me, the window... everywhere, really. Then... she said: "NOW its going to get fun!" The bubbles of gas then stopped running away. They all started comming back and as they joined my body, they fused with my blood. They had went to all the corners of the world collecting every single bit of strenght every single one of my off and online friends and loved ones in the planet could give me, I remembered my past, I remembered my special place. Then, I absorbed the nutrients of every single emotion I was repressing up to this point. Shame, stress, hatred, confused anger, fear.... Then, when I was ready to fight back, I yelled: "ANYWAY!..... ITS TIME FOR AN EARTH SHATTERING BANG! STRRIIIIIIIKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!! ABSORB ME! USE ALL OF ME! DESTROY HER!!!!!! SEND HER TO SPACE! SPECIAL MOVE! CYCLONE OF MADNESS SMASH!" Then, Striker understanding me perfectly, started draining all my life force from me, acting on its own but for my sake at the same time. ALLL that I had ever lived or seen or experienced was coming back! I was consumed by unnimaginable might! Then... I yelled: "GOOO!!!!!!" Striker started zooming around the stadium so fast it smelled like a race track then, it jumped 10 stories into the air and came back down crashing! Neenee then got on her knees with her eyes almost popping off the sockets and breathing heavy, screamed downwards and directly from her own depths: "LETS SHOW HIM WHAT A REAL WOMAN IS MADE OFF! KIIIIIILLLLLLLL HIIIIIIIIMMMMMM!!!!!!!" Her bey sped up instantly, proceeding to then zoom around the stadium waiting for Striker to land. Then... they both clash with FULL FORCE! The clash almost bent some of my bones! Both of us go deaf! Her bedroom window shatters. Her walls get tatooed with huge cracks and a lot of paint falls off! Then, after the 2  minutes the huge cloud of smoke took to clear up,  both beys had stopped. But her bey had lost a huge chunk of its fusion wheel. My bey, well... was spread around the stadium like conffeti. A mere collection of minuscule crums. We then both passed out. When we wake up, it had been 2 days. We were in heaven so long, we were covered in urine, we were red eyed, I was numb from toes to head and shaking and our beys looked normal and were just stopped in the bottom of the dish, intact and her boyfriend had already gone home. 