Its thursday. Joao and Adriano are in Data Base Design theoretical class sitting besides each other. Joao is one year behind Adriano and Adriano has subjects left to complete from previous years, including this one. They are both just trying to concentrate heavly, pay very close attention to the tone of the teacher and string it all together as the lecture goes on. They dont take any notes, though, as they are both the types who get lost while trying to figure out what to write. Class ends and both are very mentally strained. They are the type who are the most compatible with this strategy, but it wears one down alot and requires very meticulous mental care/conditioning/grooming to work. So they approach the surface metro station at the second entrance of the faculty, at the opposite end of the first one. As they get out of class, they walk side by side. Both have serious looks on their faces and worry about obligations of lightening each other up. They cant, as they are tired. Joao then says, in a barely expressive tone: "Adri, Im going to buy some water. Stay." Adriano, who usually does not mind Joao's more tepid speech, feels shocked and cold, nervously replying: "Yes.". Joao gets worried, as he expected Adriano to say something clever or witty. They are both hopeless with eachother in this April spring afternoon. The emotional, physical and mental strains, and a bit of internal satisfaction  all combined ground both their bodies in reality. The sun, orange. The grass green like a digital game. The sky a very light shade of blue, almost indistinctive from the sunlight. It is 5pm at the moment. We can now see both together from a distance, surrounded by a sea of green from the green College campus, as a soft breeze blows past them, lightly lifting some leaves that spiral into the air before softly dropping down, close to us, with Joaos messy hair moving too. Both look very inward and closed, as they continue walking across the huge campus. They are now not look at eachother, as they feel separated by concrete. They reach the metro. Adriano beep's his pass in the reader. Joao beep's his pass in the reader. The same reader. Adriano walks all the way to the front of the whole train, crossing 5 cars, while Joao chose a seat right there. they did not greet eachother  at the destination like usually. Myeloma from yakui the maid starts playing, as Joao reaches his house in cacilhas and Adriano arrives at the Sete Rios train station. Joaos legs feel heavy. He goes meet his father, who is a (hard) working fisherman and currently at the shore. He arrives at his dads dock to find that His nets are empty today. Joao will buy pizza, again. Adriano arrives at the final bus stop on his way to the college student residence, and now only walking is enough, having not done much besides barely paying attention to the music he listened to all day and react to other pedestrians who he just manages to dodge at walking pace. His expression is heavy, so is His body. Joao did not even notice the taste of the dinner. Adriano is dripping tears like an oil leak. But as soon as a girl approaches, his ego oxidizes around his soul like an aluminum sheet. He notices the tears, and immediatly hides his face from her, and keeps moving. She looks back at him and thinks: "His face... his rough movement... his rushed walking... his erratic and treppid eyes. Thats has to be the thinnest obese person Ive ever seen. He is nowhere near here, yet, I can see him. Surreal" Adriano at that moment, would swear by the scale he was only 60kg and would get confused at those words. He decides and commits to reacting to pseudo acquaintances, medium distance friends and staff until he steps foot on his room. He says "Hi", "Boa tarde!" and "Boa sorte com tudo!" In a programmed cycle. He arrives at his room, with a hastly made bed, a laptop in the desk, a clothing closet and several bags with his stuff in it. He sits in his bed and he barely notices that is face is red and wet and that so are his eyes. His expression remained almost statue like. Joao, in his family circle's appartment goes to bed and rotts on social media in a cacoon position until he finally collapses from boredom, and falls asleep. Adriano is currrently doing homework on the computer before dinner. He is studying computer science in college. His eyes are sleepy and he yawns every few seconds. He barely pays attention to what he is doing. He then ruminates on his phone for 90 minutes. Then he goes to the supermarket to get some premade carbonara. He arrives at his room, takes his food to the kitchen. He arrives at the kitchen. He eats. He cleans the dishes, takes his clean dishes to his room, arrives at his room and jumps in his bed. He would not be able to tell you what he just ate a few minutes ago to save his life. Decides to rot on the phone for 4 hours straight. Its now 2 am. He is so mentally exausted he simply cant take looking at his phone one more second. So much he simply falls asleep right there and fully dressed "Its alright... I can wake up at 11am and still sleep 8 hours!" He thinks, vaguely hopeful.
Both are now asleep: on their minds the atmosphere is the same: a colorless, odorless, tasteless, harmless gas cloud that is dense, thick, makes you breathe slowly when surrounded by it and occupies useful productive emotional space when outside. A hazy blob that when touched does not react, complain, joke, praise, judge, tell, hug, punch or even acknowledge. It just swirls everywhere, making one feel like a swarm of fireflies flies across the psyche and does nothing. All one does is see and recall. It was previously made from blood but detached from ones soul since. Like a satelite planet of the soul. Hazyness, some insecurity. Thats all its made of. And it swirls, swirls and swirls. No melancholy. Just feels like it touches the insides of the cranium sometimes. At the same time, though... one dreads the moment it swallows the owner.
Adriano when waking up, after 13 hours (5 more than planned. consecutive) feels like the worlds heaviest normal bmi obese person. He sits up in his bed, with that simple movement leaving him exausted. But then, in a split second, he remembers: "I wanna have a mewtwo build. I want to have really strong legs, endurance while running, Really strong legs that feel like rockets. I want to be able to hit my shoulder on *this* shelf. Thats it. I wanna jump high. I will train other stuff just enough not to bottle neck my jumps." Adriano decides to skip that day of college. "Its not gonna serve me now. Its been enough.". Adriano has allways dreamt of having remarkable legs. But felt so incapable he kept hyperfixating on his perceptiveness like a desperate, manipulative mother. He wanted brains. But dreamt of quads. Joao woke up with sand on hia head for thoughts. "Feminists are bad I hate them. The staff are closeminded and bad I hate them. My colleagues allways tease me, the laugh behind me in class and I just know they hate me so I hate them. I hate computers, I hate sleeping. I want to kill my breakfast." Then... his sand became small pebbles. He then mustered enough frontal cortex to sit up, already feeling like giving up, then thought: "Damn... Im gonna get out of here and perform excretion, walk, eat, listen to music and sleep until tomorrow... My friends must find me so tiring... I find myself tiring... I feel like I have schizfrenia, but instead of hyperrealistic dreaming its pure, unfathomable, indistinctiveness of thought. GRRRRR!!!!!" The sand... becomes a rock: "I wont just wait for tomorrow anymore! I am tired of spending every day merely having a day! There is no reward, no fun, no suffering, no joy, no pride, no inadequacy, no jealousy, no duty and no flavour, no time, no weather, no floor, no sky. I wont live like this anymore! My punches are made of air. Nothing breaks. Nothing hurts. Then if my punches are made of air, I must make a cyclone!" Joao, quickly forgets all this and goes to catch his bus. He waits, signals the driver to stop, something he profoundly hates. People who know him already get impressed at how much he loathes group projects. He says that working in groups in college make him "Drowsy, slow and overwhelmingly despondent". Also, the colleagues behind him in lectures about math and theorem demos see him almost automatically shift his vital focus from the lecture to looking up electronic components in the Mauser website. They swear its so reliable that with some thought it can be harnessed to set up an alarm. As the vehicle approaches the first bus stop and as he daydreams about a transparent gooey, transparent fluid speckled with emptyness, joao suddently spots a stop light turning red.  "Autumn melancholy" from Chikoi the Maid starts playing.  A few seconds later, something  rock solid, and incredibly real flashes inside him, like a heartbeat command in a server. Memories of leds, the smell of solder and tedious, tortuous debugging in a pong game on a matrix display he worked on when he was 13 and other things burst out and flood his mind. Tears come out. He grits his teeth and rushes hastly to the the stop button pole and starts pressing it frantically like a lab mice on a cocaine experiment. No one stops here. The municipality has long pondered removing this stop. Its in the middle of a local overpass bridge with a sidewalk on it. He then rushes out the long yellow bus, sprinting at full speed back to his house, muttering: "CREATE,CREATE,CREATE....". His previous passion for electronics was reawakened, after 3 long years, when he decided to quit electronics to study computer science. His room was filled with gadgets. His dad lived in agony, watching his son do what he suposedly thinks is best for the family, barely engaged with any form of fulfillment and merely "having days". His sons room was pilled to the brim with hundreds of gadgets. Until college, sometimes 3 more a day would appear for a week straight. His son would get incredibly angry when told it was dinner time, throwing very loud fits and then spending the whole meal either focusing on some defect his most recent invention had, or angry at every little thing that went across his field of vision. He would sleep during the day. But his father knew, he was at his purest and happiest possible. He was obedient, now. "But at what cost?" thought father, as he looked hopelessly at the multiple devices in Joaos room, now covered in dust, yellow gunk and grime. Joao sprant across the street until he arrived home. He stabbed the keyhole and got in, slamming the door open. He and his dad were face to face. After the good part of a minute of regaining some breath, the son, now says, with confidence: "Dad! Go buy a coffin. I will die sleep deprived or I will die bored! Dont interrupt me!" He sprant across the corridor of his house into his room, and, as Joao went across his father, Time slowed down and Father yelled to Joaos mom: "HONEY! OUR SON IS BACK! GET THE BOYS! WE WILL PARTY ALL NIGHT!". Adriano had spent the past 2 years fanboying and admiring a creator (lets call him Kevin) who made videos on youtube titled stuff like "Day xxx of turning my arms into cranes" and "Diet and routine tips xxx:..." for example "...size vs strength (the difference will surprise you)" The creator had kept at it for all of 4 years. Adriano was also amazed at the healthy, but delicious pre and after workout snacks the creator would come up with. Also at their candidness and honesty. They would also not bombard viewers with uselss motivational nitrogen. And they were basically live his destiny. Adriano, then, gathered equipment and took some public transport to a local gym.When he got there, he performed minimal social courtesy, went to the locker room, got dressed and booted up that creators first ever video, went to the PT and asked: "I want this but legs! Where do I start?" They replied: "Hmmm... lets see...". Joao, the next day, was at home, at 3pm in the afternoon, in his bedroom. He was bored from fiddling with a micro computer only god knows the purpose of, until he remembered: "Music? Thats a thing too, yes... now I remember..." He went to his fathers bedroom to fetch old audio tape recorder. He remembered how, at 14 years old, he used to carry it outside and record any sounds he felt like into a backpack full of cassets he also carried. From train sounds, to tree leaves, to kids kicking a ball around near the docks. The ships sailing off, the water, the seagulls... He made music. He also had an electric guitar. And, in the middle of the 2010s, an audio sampling software equipped, old Amiga computer bought by his dad from a scrap sale. He produced, today, a 9 minute long behemoth, filled with seemingly never ending riffs with long pauses of natural sounds. He called it: "Ill sleep on the grave"