Mbti types as maidcore songs (Not disjoint)

Involved Criteria:
Musical attributes:
Pace
the notes
melody
theme of overall album (if in one)
Overall atmosphere transmited to me

NOT Involved criteria:
Titles of tracks
Artist names/Pseudonims

ISTJ - Myeloma#3 from Disorder by Yakui the Maid (balance. Let func(arr,i)= if(i=0){return 1;} return arr[i]==arr[i-1]&&func(arr,i-1);. func(arr,0) = 1 for all arr E dimensions of life)
ENTJ - Voices from Mechanical Starfish by Yakui the Maid (raw ambition induced rage)
ESTJ - Xample from Insertion by Chikoi the Maid (Structured, Assertive, directed, stingy and pungent energy)
ENFJ - All I have is Unfulfilled Dreams by Yowai the Maid (Unfiltered explosion of raw hope and willfull second hand accountability)
ESFJ - Tanabata by Yakui the Maid (Gentle mix of care, protection and encouragement)
INTP - Bring back #2007 from Nintendocore by Yakui the Maid (Nostalgia, "I miss when the world felt like a magical place" feeling. Very technical, measured, sharpened and reasoned)
ISFJ - Deserve by Chikoi the Maid (Martyrdom. Revolt and self blame over boundaries not asserted. "I... really wanted... to win... GRRRAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!")

ISFP - Sköll by Yakui the Maid (The world is both magical and sad.Technical and fluid. I feel the pebbles. I see the colors. I smell ideas. "My teachers personality is like... Strawberry")
INFP - Trackingpolyphone by Chikoi the Maid (Calm. reserved. Somewhat wonderful. Sparkly. But Melancholic. Yet sweet. And quietly hopeful and resilient)
ESFP - Eleven by Yowai the Maid (Pure unhinged chaos. Navigates the world with nihilistic levels of courage. Yet Remains passionate about the world. Fervently. Always. 
Curious. Hotheaded. Curious. Just right levels of depth.)
ENTP - Hati by Yakui the Maid (Captivated by Analysis. Extremely Consciousness. Worries about the world. Cynical. Skeptical. Laughing Hysterically, yet drenched in agony at the absurdity, unfairness and nonsense of the world)
ENFP - Shrouded by Yakui the Maid (Dreams of a life yet to happen. At their third respawn. Yet feels like a child. Cheerful. Melancholic. Despondent. Energetic. Real. Fantastic. Pebbles. Ideas and.Theories)
INFJ - Scourge by Yakui the Maid (T.B.D.)
INTJ - Neuma by Yakui the Maid (T.B.D.)
ESTP - Clonidine by Yakui the Maid (T.B.D.)
ISTP - Artificial Stupidity by Yakui the Maid
(T.B.D.)