Ok: I think I know how Si Ne works and why they may annoy me a bit: first of all: one of those is my trickster and the other is my critic. Second of all, they are reeeaallly slow. (I mean... not in a physical sense but.... they just have NO FLAIR AT ALL!) Ok: law of thumb: EVERYTHING always starts with Pe. EVERYTHING in the perceiving axis starts with Pe. Thats why IJs tend to be a bit judgy or close minded. Ok anyways... Let me explain Se Ni: Se is like... your awareness of actual reality with no filters. Like... its what it feels like for your ego to look at facts and the physical environment and sensations and objects and possible consequences to yourself and others in a physical sense. Then, Ni forms a tree with each fact. The Ni forms an Nary tree that starts with a fact. If it hits another fact that you can detect, It starts to chain untill, now I dont really know... it feels like stopping I guess... then you switch again! Thats why being smart as an INTJ is VERY possible, but its very very hard. Because they feel very insecure about their physical awareness. But Ne Si is different: Ne first taps into your subconscious and, based on stuff you already have there (lets just call it stuff.. this is a cycle so who knows when it begins...), and kinda casts a net that contains alot of possible roads. then, Si follows those roads and concludes in the users head: "Ok... I have food in the fridge. I have paper in my desk. I have to do my bed. I have work today. My math essay is not complete." Like... a mapping of the concrete inside your head. Then, when you move your player model, it repeats. But it always starts with Pe. Is this correct?

Like... Im just gonna explain further! There is this guy in my residence who smokes alot right? he is chill he does not hurt a fly. But... he smokes. And one day it was summer and he light his ciggie inside the kitchen that was just next to a door that leads to the outside. And its summer! and I had family members who smoked indoors at home and I hated them when they did that. I was really pissed right? So I tried to engage with him the next time I saw him go for a smoke and told him: "Look: its summer so the air is bone dry. Can you please light your ciggies when already OUTSIDE because ... the smelll is gonna stay and It bothers me alot ok?" Like... he lashed out a bit but not too crazy... but because of my Fi demon I felt scared for my life! but then he started doing it and everything was FINE!


OHHH!!! Now I.... maybe I am assuming too much there but... my bro is an ISTJ! Like... he told me a joke that was like: "Day 1: asks me if I went for a dive at the beach. No." "Day 5: Asks me again. I laugh." "Day 30: Asks me again. Laugh more." "month 3: Asks me again. Burst out laughing" Like how does he do this?


Ok might sound edgy and emo but... this is me after the worst period inside my Fe grip (lasted 2 years just to recap) that coincided with the end of me not having acess to my risperidone for 2 weeks: 