Agro powers:

Agro powers are possessed often by individuals who, by coincidence, also show stubburn impulsiveness,  hyperfocal levels of motivation and anger. Lots of anger. People with agro powers may struggle with moderation in their work ethic and play/obligation modulation. Agro powers come from a rare mutation in the muscle fibers, which basically reduces the timescale of their growth and regen, increases blood vessel capacity, bone density and... mental fortitude and competitiveness. This has nothing to to with Testosterone, so there can be very feminine looking boys with Agro powers, also women. The Agro varies, not in a linear evolution in power, but from person to person. Its way more lateral than deep. What agros can do is always a subset of: run faster, jump higher, react quicker and even be... way smarter due to more available thinking power due to way higher blood flux to the brain. they can also possess more accute subsets of their senses. The agro increases with their emotional levels and at the faintest sign of their activation, their eye irises go red and, at very extreme levels, veteran, overdoing it, fight or flight, etc. their eyes may grow a thin layer of skin, causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. in front of them, that may have to be surgically removed. causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. Their muscle and bone enhancements come from the cells generated by the mutation which create their powers. These cells may cause their bursts of movement to be more or less explosive, like a power torque curve of a combustion engine, where rpm is their emotional tension levels. Or... just repressed tension levels. Autistic Agro people are a PAAAAAIIIIIN in the butt. Specially if their senses are also enhanced by it. Agros feel confortable at gyms, and will never really struggle with old age related physical symptoms. But they need to eat.. A. LOT! There are certain agros where, sprinting at their ludicrous speeds for the periods their insane bones and joins allow them to whitstand, lead them to consume entire meals in calories per effort. And when I say eat alot, Im saying... if youre Agro and not middle class... youre... most likely toast! Especially if you are really bursty. Bursty agros need more tension to exert power, but when they do, can cause immense impact. Then there are more balanced and smooth ones. The really explody ones may quickly get exausted if they are forced into their sweet spots in emotional tension. And... as they get older, because they eat alot, they may get fat. really fat. Also... heat equals power times voltage times resistence. As more blood flows to feed more organs and muscles, the heat increases lineraly. They are very hot people. Hot because their muscles are f*** huge, hot headed, hot because they are hot headed and hot literally to the touch. Also... their passive sweating makes them hopelessly always smelly... specially in teenage hood. they also urinate and defecate... alot. Sex drive is the same. Agros may be so bursty that a possible scenario they might encounter is:
In a war torn country, a teenager Agro leaves home to buy bread. In the background, fallen posts, worn buildings, people peeking from their shelters as they observe this stubburn boy insisting on leaving their shelter because "I prefer to not die of hunger thanks. I want to feel alive, before I feel nothing.". They just had lunch. The military helps Agros in need with the help of Powerful nations who want to recruit agros, who often just tell them to f*** off. Anyway... it was a whole turkey with two plates of pasta, salad, lots and lots of water. 1 L of it!. The boy hears a bullet be fired in its direction. The heart rate and blood flow sky rocket, being faintly audible from up to 2 m away. they feel scared. so they stand in place shook. the bullet barely misses them so now, they are at their peak of tension. They sprint at school ticket zone speeds  back to their shelter, with their moms hugging them and scolding them with words for even being born... the boys body being too hot to the touch. 65 Celsius but rapidly declining. they... feel hungry again."Like... in this war scenario, families.... in a certain very hard to overlook angle, unfortunate to have Agro children, cannot let them die of hunger right as they are born right? So powerful nations look for them and pressure them into, manipping them through validation and financial compensation, enlisting for ANOTHER nation fighting THEIRS.


Ok fine im gonna admit an innadequacy: their realism is not 100% air tight...


Yeah... otherwise it would not be a super power... it would be a noble prize winning thesis