
Erica?

Erica.


Do you really want to know... your true worth?


What your goal is?


A question: how well do you play soccer?


Your vibe...: "Erica goes home to his parents. She is 12 years old in middle school and is in 6th grade. Its 1 pm, its sunny, its been a week since school started. The air got much fresher since the beginning of this year. Youre Erica. You have lunch with your parents and ignore all their questions about your day. You rush your homework after promissing you worked hard on it. You go play with your mates. But its already 4pm, and at this time, one comes to your neighbourhoods public playground. You grab your dirty, somewhat worn down soccerball and head sprinting euphorically to one of the walls you usually kick it against. You stand there... still panting. Then you start. With a relaxed body, sensations of fun, the ball bouncing on your bodly tissues, the hardness of your skull, the softness of your belly... the ball caresses you. No matter how hard you kick it, it comes back. It always comes back. You can scream at it and shout and cry... beg... pray. Its yours. With an engaged expression, your keepie ups get consistent. As you kick up, hook it over your head to the other foot, kick it up 2 times, wrap your leg around, catch it with the second. Then, as your mind decides to wander, you keep it on your knee. Your attire? A spanish kit from 2012, from your home fatherland, given from your cousins. The blue ocean, wide shorts, A red blood shirt, the castille emblem sewed into your heart. A bastion of war and passion. Now... a sleep and playing. As a smile forms on your face and the air starts to get fresher, you realize, unbothered: "20 more minutes before home". You kick it up again, roll it over behind your head on your neck, a casual, conventional body language. Frail, like how when  you grew up. But then... You hear the old familar distant Pot Banging "Erica! Come back, my dear! The cartoons are playing, sugar! The rice is ready too!" So then... you pack it up, you leave. The raging, hispanic bull will now feast on the grass.. of family affection, from a childhood... that could have been. You now look at reality, this stranger who just found you, insulted you, and you decided to arouse... to completion, the 3 PDs and... the huge void that never got smaller like you hoped. Here, on this dirtt alleyway, your eyes open up once again after another hopeless daydream. Your senses rattle you up like a tazer, making you reel, realize and then... conform

I did not know anything... but you did


I understand you. thats all.


I... outread you.


Yes, I did.


Too much... to early... too quickly. Thats what I see.

Too much what? too much reality...


Want me to buy you a spanish kit?


Awkward...? Nevermind.

Then... Ill get you one.


Yes. Lets go to the beach, tell everyone you got pranked with milk, take a dive, dry ourselves and get you one.

