Maidcore song meanings that I found: 
Yakui the maid: 

Album (Polyneuropathy)
Song: Clownfish
Desc: Polyneuropathy is a possible symptom caused by lots of drug abuse. Clownfishes have the stereotype of very short memories (3 secs). Drug abuse causes memory loss/problems.

Album (Polyneuropathy pt2)
Song: Hati
Desc: Polyneuropathy is a possible symptom caused by lots of drug abuse. Hati is a mythological creature from norse culture. Its a white wolf that chases the dark. There is also Skoll which is a black wolf that chases the light. Its basically a norse version of yin-yang. Hati chasing the dark can be compared to a once healthy and functional person engaging in self destructive behaviour simply for the sake of it (Like the mythological creature that does not exist outside the story it was invented for)

Yakui the Maid
Album Futility
Song: Artificial stupidity
Desc: Yakui the maid, the avatar of the artist that makes the actual songs, is basically a drug addict maid. She skillfully makes the most whimsical mixes and experiments with any medications she can get her hands on. She does it as a hobby and has not much reservation in experimenting on herself. Drugs are artificial. Drugs make you stupid. Artificial Stupidity. There it is.


Album Helios
Yakui the Maid
Desc: Yakui the maid often creates music with very melancholic themes or (logical or) energy or (logical or) melodies. Heat, end of school, boredom, slowness, dryness, droughts among other things are sometimes associated with Summer. Heat. Sun. Helios. The feeling of being so tired and sluggish that all you can do is walk while looking down and all you can focus on are the small tarmac pebbles on the road/sidewalk, really hard, scorching hot, peppered with equally hard and hot loose pebbles... the slightest trip and hit on the ground will scrape your limbs, everything seems so far, you hear nothing on your head. You are sweaty, you are unmmotivated. You can barely open your eyes. Hot. Sun.Helios

Yakui the Maid
Album Helios
Song Helios
By 6:45am, an ominous object appears and it lights up a line in the sky. Its a big blob of electric gas. Its the closest thing to a thermonuclear landscape we have near. Its core temperature is in the 7digits. All praise the unforgiving god of the sun, who has risen from slumber once again. He watches. His energy overwhelming energy raining on us relentlessly, cooking us alive mercilessly.

Yakui the Maid
Album Futility
Song: Tides
Desc: Yakui the maid: Yakui means "calamity". Tides can mean the tides of the sea during a hurricane.

Kichi
Album My Addiction
Song: My own suptitude
In the first song, the implicit subject tries to find a cure. They are unsucessful. So then, they try to convince themselves that having the addiction is intrinsic to them


Yakui the Maid
Album Polyneuropathy
Song: Drain
Desc: Remember: Yakui is the Drug addict maid. Here we go: "My soul and my body are a toilet. A sewer inlet. Everyday, more grime, sludge and filth pours into and gets flushed out of my toilet. Sometimes empty. Never full. Like since I was born.

Album: Watching slice of life to heal
(by) Throne
It sounds drastic. It sounds wounded and in pain. It hysterically laughts despite it all, pushing forward relentlessly and with full force, with a mix of despair and determination in the heart. You can only feel violent gusts of wind as you dash down through the sky, looking for a microbe of a target for a possibility of survival. Feels like DOOM. Feels like a journey out of hell. It sounds as real as the pebbles in the sidewalk that you step on and feel in your feet near gravel roads. Great stuff.



Helios feels like watching paint dry. But the human soul is the paint and the sun is exisitential boredom


Yakui the Maid:
Album: ?
Song: Yakui the Homossexual Drug Addict Vampire Hunter
Here is how I view it: 
Yakui: Ok. The artist/mascot's name is Yakui sure. lets move on.
The: The... what?
Homossexual: Ok... is Yakui gay? is Yakui comming out the closet? Is this what this is about?
Drug: Ok. Yakui is a hommosexual... medication? substance? Yakui the homossexual medication?
Addict: Ok. Yakui is a hommosexual drug addict. normal stuff... A drug addict with some closet trauma that is marginalized, maybe?
vampire: Ok... homossexual drug addict vampire? Is yakui a woke vampire movie protagonist? Is yakui a he or a she? Why is Yakui a drug addict?
Slayer: Slayer? Ok... now its even crazier: What does Yakui even hunt or kill? Drug addicts? homosexuals? vampires? A combination of those? What? What? Is this suposed to be
Yakui's way of portraying the mascots goofiness? The artists goofiness? The artists delusion? The characters delusion?


One of the songs the artist Yakui the Maid... maid (pun) (He is a russian 36 year old) was called: Morning nuclear attack. And... the song is from 2013 and earlier... he is introspective... and the song has syrens... and he captured it all... the deformities... the radios... the news... the... radios... the civil protection services... the civil proection Men... the people... the dogs... the drops of water... the radios... the syrens likely from local ambulances... the flyers immediatly fluttering to urge people to evacuate... the new knowledge of radiation symptoms... the desolation... the soft, synthy guitars... the soft, melodic samples... the wind... the... weird cassette static... the geiger counters vibrated rattling... the panicking mothers holding their deformed newborn children in their arms... The people in hospitals... the doctors overwhelmed... the wild animals... the purple tree leaves... ring any bells? What is the song about? Hint: Its an event.

Yes. The Chernobyl disaster... man... the ammount of bleakness just in one soul... He... lived it... very likely as a kid... and... still being able to do goofy songs every once in a while... like "My spacebuldozer is full of fuck"... trully an inspiring person

I fight... he laughs.


Ok... Ok... I was lying. I was being biased. I was forcing something to bw true ok? there is no way Yakui was alive during The Chernobil Accident. Because... He is 35+ now... not in 2013... the publishing date of the song. But... even then, the song... the sounds are so vivid....that you almost want it to be real


Im gonna listen to it again. Thats it. Thats how it feels with this new truth. I wanna listen again

And right next to Morning Nuclear Attack, there is "Immolation of Classmates" desolation... to a goofy take on the sound embodyment of teen angst... mocking teen angst with animegirl sounds and glitchy rock

Maybe... it was made in either 2011 or 2016 as an aniversary thing!