My special move:

Pit of absurdity. its not flashy, as I am a human. this move is used when I am very overwhelmed, depressed, defeated or harassed. In Pit of absurdity, I draw in from the depths of my soul, beginning drown into a deep state melancholic, meek, introspection. I feel like I am swimming in a polluted river, stale, warm, milky waters. I have a better description here:
"
I stand there... with an exasperated expression on my face... back at that old house, that good ol' corner in my mind. The spot in my brain where I leave all the trash... to get burned... to be made sense of... to look at stuff... non judgementally and handle the hazardous, the toxic, the putrid, the filthy thoughts. Its where I go to throw up... to cry... to harm myself with words and other ways... the old feeling of your blood being a polluted river... full of industrial waste, sludge... dirty, pungent smelling water with a milky texture... with algae, dead fish... the margins filled with purple sand. The water... warm and that river... almost dried up... with foam in the surface. the water with a dark, pink color. The blood letting out... bubbles of gas, colorless, odorless, tasteless and harmless gas... that occupies space, does not bother or nag, or hit or insult... or even compliment or cuddle... or encourage or put down... its just there... not budging. My eyes... yellow... from the over indulgence... the blood having given up on flowing to them. My pupils... those are red. My face... pale... my body feels empty, yet infinitely heavy... all my thoughts and movements are awkward. the feeling of stale and pure self disgust... the holes I punch through my soul to wake it up... after trying so hard to numb it down. This facade of spectacle I possess was broken not too long ago... all the lighthearted fun... so much fear of being an emo... so much tepid fear... tepid like my feelings... Feeling like I dont belong... like I cannot help but feel sad... if I just listen to myself... for a mere moment. So sad at... not belonging. So unique but so infinitely lost. And you stare at me... which I at least hoped it would bring me some kind of anger... "She is the mean girl! look at her! she is mean! be mad!" but I cant bring myself to be mad at anything... nothing is surprising... shes gonna talk to me, probably say something mean, then I will antagonize her... "wow omg you dont know me yo!" and shes like: "Yes! yes I do! I do because I am better! smug laugh" and im like: "Nooooo so meeeaaanananan nooooO!!!!!!!O!OO!11!!!". The conversation will go for 20 minutes, and then nothing productive will come out... nothing will change. We wasted our energies being utterly useless to eachother... and we would probably not even regret it...
"
What this special move basically does is remove all the mental status effects of me, my allies and my opponents.