Also... I have came up with two concepts: Static and Kinetic observing and Static and Kinecting Resolution. Static observing is much like what I do in my text. Nothing that we see here is outside of what we already know. We build our worldview here. We generate our "expectation pool" (like a quick RAM) here also. It runs while we are "Idle". We picture with the external world using internal facts or theories. Kinetic Observing, on the other hand, is like a detective: They have to move for it to run. It has to be crank started. Not like its static counterpart that is like a solar panel, that only works while still. This one only works while there are nonzero derivatives in the environment. It captures in real time and detests stalling or interruptions. It captures facts, it tries to stay updated and is "clever" and "witty". Its coarse, yet fast. It cannot make plants grow, but it throws seeds around. 

Resolution is, assuming we already have collected observations of ANY ANY sort...: Static Resolution: Its a process where all decisions and calls to action are brewed internally. When doing math, this is ran at 100% capacity for any person. We are still, almost paralized. And then, if we focus, ideas and connections start flowing in. In math, we use principles. The principles dont move. They are principles after all. The fact that all primes are divisible only by themselves and 1 does not move. We should not kill does not move. Its things that we decide internally and are not associated with anything outside us that moves. Its like a solar panel. Kinectic Resolution is like sports: Its at 0% capacity during math and 100% capacity in football for example. These two cannot run simultaneously, as they water eachother down. Kinectic resolution is when a person moves and... idk sorry I got lost. I dont know how to define this one...

Each pair of processes can be scheduled, but not combined. The brain is too efficient to allow that to happen.


Kinectic Resolution continuation:
If it stops moving, it sinks. It dies. We have to move to make it work. It makes a queue of tasks: We go through one: Next! We do that one. Next! The faster we get these objectives done, the better. It ignores internal principles (the brain is efficient. If we use this circuit, we only use this circuit and thats final) and only cares about output, so that it can keep dequeueing and dequeueing. A footballer dequeues when passing a ball after seeing a blatant open space behind defenders and thinks things are "obvious" so gets frustrated when they dont happen. Its what people usually associate with being "Full of zest".


But categorising people this way tells us rather more about their shortcommings and imbalances than their abilities though. In principle, if one is healthy, for one to schedule between both pairs it will require some effort, but will not make much of a fuss.

Static and Kinetic never combine in any way.  Its like mixing colors in RGB. All pixels are RGB, but mixing them and zooming out gives the illusion of colour. They do not cross. One has to actively schedule according to external and internal needs. like a OS scheduler. Static and Kinetic are like light and shadow. You only see one at a time. 


As a personal example, I feel, like I have too much static cognition, in general, across my life. All my hobbies are extremely contemplative: Writing, math and programming. Its all about words, analyzing internal frameworks and internal world views, and creating principles. Action is very scarce. And... my hobbies are not only too static, they are too observational. From the kinetic stuff I at least get some observation. But get no resolution.

And... to know someones type, ideally you have to know that person to as close to as well as the person themselves as possible. Scales like a coefficient. Zero gives zero. The person themselves with lots of self awareness give a coefficient very close to 1, so almost the full picture. Analyzing oneself in this framework is HEAVVY on the static observation and resolution.


Meditative and Mindfulness activities are healthy, because they combine static resolution with kinetic obsetvation. hobbies combine static observation with kinetic resolution. Utopically, you pair kinetic and observational processes opposite in the other category for as long of consecutive stretches of time as you can to be max healthy.

And any hobby that feels personal can be considered perfect. And... the human capacity for ones flexibility in tastes is severely underrated.

Many people think that just because "Inventing music is their life" That they will hate Learning History. Its not that simple... And you will notice that all other activities were subconsciously invented based on this way of working. I think... give me a counter example if possible. I doubt you can, though... Im basically walking on Jungs shoes here, but if you can revolutionize the world...


Noticing bodly sensations in meditation is... like looking at yourself... but from the outside. In basketball, if you are using your mind, you stop to think where you will go (static resolution and kinetic observation) and then flip it when
you decide. And this switching is... slow and exausting. Thats why amateurs feel overwhelmed by pro drills. They are all instinctive and backed by tons of experience and chemistry (outside of the scope of this model)

 the word lazy, that is an allias for: "something in my mind I dont understand is holding me back" 



One (static) works PEAK BEST idle. Other (kinetic) works PEAK BEST running. And the graph is a fucking stalagmite. Its like the "gradient" in digital circuits. Its no gradient its a wall. And there are resolution and observation. Static is introspective and forms an overall world view. Kinetic reacts to nonzero derivatives in the environment, physical, ideas, ANYTHING the person is aware of that changes



Its not abrupt. Do you know why I just say that it "simply happens"? Because, akin to calling yourself or others lazy, I have no clue whats behind the scenes. I dont even think its conscious. But what I know is the brain allways gets it right. 




And mindfullness in itself is by itself an activity fully contained in kinetic observing and static resolution on its own. You are noticing deltas in the environment... its just that the environment is yourself. You are not adding to something that will be treated as a background, an expectation backdrop of patterns and coherence or concatenating any immobile objects and nuances to it.


Try to guess: what combination is painting?


Ohh... realized. Its both combos. When you lookup references, its the same combo as being a tourist, kinetic observing and static resolution. When you "become convict your ideas are enough" (something in the brain decides to switch, idk what...) and you are just translating to the canvas, its static observing and kinetic resolution