Hot takes:

Cutest supercar: Bugatti Veyron (first one) (fell off when design started to get agressive)

Morocco RAWEST national team at the moment sush no questions lmao xd

Their just raw. Period. Theyr strategy is: be as raw has humanly conceivable for 90 minutes or more and WIN. Be like morocco. Chad Morocco. Dont be virgin Belgium, who never fell off because they were always frauds

IXTPs are the cinnamon roll subby angels of mbti fr like they have this tsunderish, "leave me and my toys alone" bratty vibe where they think youll care more if they somehow act more like themselves! Like I apreciate the effort but the way you were already acting before already put me on predatory timing! Also... Same for EXTJs! Except they are martyrs first and sandbox dwellers last! But its the same thing! "Youve been working so hard recently, my dear... Come sit with me" and youll see their legs shake immediatly! Their fr salivating for some actual attention after being martyrs all day! Also IXFP females are underrated dom top mommies no questions! I would seriously take my chances on a mock fight between me and some sort of ISFP rn and I would let them win too!

Ok I basically sit in a mental cave all day grinding and then get too tired to leave

Oh man! When that Fi bluntness and the Te demanding kick in... omg just craddle me already!


yea! Evil smirk as I describe this They come home... after being martyrs, textbook EJ behaviour you know how it goes... their INFP Writter partner is ready, flogger and every thing... the ENTJ is still in hardworking mode... but the INFP has WAY more Fi control... so they can perfectly handle them. INFP is also wearing leather everywhere... and they are just waiting for them... hips thrown around... and saying like... in a very sultry voice: "You work so hard for others sweetie... come play with me now... ok?" And they just fall like... weak at the knees!

Like... the dommy mommy function is Fi, not Te



Like omg... I just want one to craddle me

I want to be craddled by an INFP

And soo self assured and strong...

Omg and ISFPs are like that but dialed up to eleven

Like... please just... ahhhghhh... just hug me already, ISFP!

No! The TRUE Dommy mommies are ESFPs! because their Overall Te Fi axis is WAY easier to control!

Ok nice... so anyways... ENTJs' Fi... even when they are adults... is volatile... and my god everytime they hurl it at me I just wanna hide like a little puppy! And NOT in a sexy way! I get scared and irked!
No! They have this "I dOnT GiVE a FUcK abOUT AnYoNE" Attitude going on... and they genuenly mean it... which is why I hate them

No! its just... ok I have flavour text descriptions of all the judging functions: "Fi: Internal harmony shield: "Imagine a person. this person has values, and ambitions and desires they want to protect at all costs! They will shell the F up and become a social harmony bubble that they dont want to expand for ANY reason! They are the authenticity warriors" Ok. Ti is Ez: "Know that generic image on google images of a brain patterned with several puzzle pieces? Now imagine one is absent and being assembled. Thats Ti. Moving on!" Fe is also ez: "Imagine a sage: A sage that is in the forest... the butterfly lands on his finger, the tiger purrs and grazes on their body... they want to help all of them... as well as they can... "FUCK ME! I DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT ME! TIGER! ARE YOU SAD?"" They are harmony beacons, and Fi is an harmony shield." Te is harder for me though...


Also... IPs can be surprisingly rigid...

Like... an IP is a complete mule for their decisions and an IJ is a complete mule for their perceptions of the world


But... ESFJs on a Fe Ne loop can become the typical... "bitch princess"

Like: "boring! weird! boring! weird! boring! weird! not fun enough! not fun enough! NOTHING IS FUN ENOUGH! EVERYONE IS UNWORTHY OF THE GROUP BECAUSE NO ONE IS FUN ENOUGH!"

Oh! And Te Ne loop ESTJs are like: "I carry this group! LOOK! NO ONE IS DOING ANYTHING! COME ON! FASTER! THE VIBE ISNT CHANGING YET! I DONT SEE ANY ACTION! MOVE! MOVE! OMG SO INNEFICIENT! IS THIS FOR TODAY OR TOMORROW? WERE GONNA BE LATE! COME ON!"

Omg and when my grandma got depressed and started yapping about how she "Carries the whole damn family on her back" It really pisses me off

Ok: im gonna be honest! It was... kinda true... but... her acting like that was... just... too much

Like... if you tell her to take a break... it just makes it worse

Oh! and squidward and the sudden obcession with hamburgers is Ne grip ON A CARTOON EPISODE

People are not prepared for how hasty the internet allows socialization to be

99% of potential engaging conversations end up as total wastes of time

ENTPs: "HEY! CHECK OUT THIS THING I SAW LIL BRO!"
INTPs: "mmmmm? What if I do this?"

ENTPs may also want to figure out how something works... its subtle... but ENTPs are always more focused on cool shit than figuring out. ENTPs are inventors and INTPs are theorists