Ideas:
Find your castle in the sky. No one knows where it hides. Standing, floating above the surface in a huge island. Everything can be what you want it to be... inside your fortress of safety. Surrounded by clouds and cold air, your fantasies become palpable. Your logic becomes more self, the same logic that what makes you who you are... That you stubburnly hold on to. Your authenticity bubble will shrink... and densen up... after youve finally reached into the farthest corners of the earth... by consuming everything inside... all the emotions, people youve known and sights youve beheld... until youve absorbed all the strength your environment can give you. Then... you will become a survivor of the social tides... an explorer... as you let your own tape recording soul fetch on and observe the world... with a keen eye and subtle presence. Your fingers point at the mundane... trying to pierce through and reaching for something deeper... The vibes that flee and escape, those... well... you seek to ground them in real objects for you to play with... until the next vibe comes. For you whats already created is boring. Whats to be created is whats trully important."What could I create now?" Is the question you ask. From the top of the tallest tower of your castle... you watch in conformity... as your loved ones and the curious try to reach to you... to connect, to understand. You refuse to let them in... as you justify your neglect with their struggle... "They will never get me. I dont care how this comes across... Im just, whatever this sounds like... too... far away... to atomized... too... different." creating a cycle of selfishness... As you grow more and more lonely... your words of invalidation... of incompetence... pierce through them... making some of them give up, rocking the more determined... The empaths struggling to reach every corner on earth... just to find out... you might just not be worth all the struggle... so you isolate yourself within your pillow fort... ever strong and ever standing... ever old and reliable... trying to focus... with all the push and pull of conformity and individuality happening... threatning to cause its implosion. Focusing on whats between the lines, as a poet and carving your fascination into eye catching toys as an artist, your evergoing struggle to turn your inner worlds into something visible rages on... so that, when other people are finally able to see what you contain inside... after all the vague and all the metaphorical give away to the concrete and clear... and your sense of innadequacy one day wears off... so you can finally let your loved ones... inside your castle... in the sky. After that... whats left is for you to take their hands... so they can help you merge, including yours, all of earths internal realms... making the world... more welcoming.