Ok but there is a person I need to talk about: My cousin. my father side named (not actually) Nelo. This man is a problem ok? He is an ISFJ. And btw... being a over 60 IFJ in general
should be considered cheating...

Your gonna know: First of all: Nelo Valente (not actually): 60 somethin, coming at 180cm and overweight, but just ugly and not actually detrimental. First of all: bro has BROKEN context awareness. So we were at a restaurant. Following?

Like ok. Before we enter, I say: "I think imma wash hands after ordering" he just says: "got it.". Then, we order, we do all the."good morning" "how are you sir?" Shit and we are ordering, trading jokes, he is spitting some cool ones too... like....at INTP fire rate and shit... then... we sit down.... and hes like, and this is after he spent all this time in the lunchline seemingly relaxed: "Hey lil boy! You forgot your dessert spoon, the napkin and a soup spoon. And you can wash your hands now" LIKE WHAT? WHAT IS HIS BRAIN? IS THAT SHIT GSKILL? RAZER? Like... absurd!

No! Bro has OVERPOWERED SI!!!!!! Ok....sorry....have to explain it again: Im praising him btw


Like... I did not even remember the stuff he tells me! Like.... bro has the logistical prowess of a small grocerry store!!!!!! Bro has to be nerfed!!!!!!


Bro! I wanna clap! That shit is NOT easy! Im an INTP btw

Ok. My ISFJ cousing and me are at a restaurant right? Ok. He tells me a story, in his very ISFJ like methodical and slow way (asking me if I "get it" every 5 seconds, too... so adorable) this: He was at the school where he teached. (I can 100% imagine him as like that one teacher everyone learns from and classes feel both useful and confortable). Then the firemen tell him: "Sir, your house is burning the f down! COME! NOW!" But then... Fucking Nelo the goat tells him: "Ok and?" Following?


Firemans like: "'Ok and?' What do you mean 'Ok and?' ALL YOUR SHIT IS BURNING! COME NOW SIR!" But Nelo just goes absolute zero: "Ok buddy so what if my housr burns right now? Right now I am on a trip. Im at my job and in lunch break, having my coffee and have a class in half an hour. I cant reach my house in time even if I maxed out my car lil homie! Let it burn! cant do shit! Im one hour away at max speed. so....let me have my coffee, go back to class... and we talk about this later ok? Seeya Sir." "ok... s- see y- ya" AND MY COUSIN HANGS UP! BROOOOO!!!!!!! OMG!


Bro IJs are broken. god nerf them. thats all Imma say.


Bro has better Ti, Si and Fe than me. Imma just hang out with him more thats all I need and hes lovely to be around too!


And the subtleness of his sarcasm is like tasting the chloramin in TAP WATER!

Bro... Ok. I also have aspies so Its kinda difficult to tell...


No! Like... this may sound strange, but I think me (22 intp) and him (60 isfj), go blow for blow In Ne!


His... absolutely... diamond worthy takes on the school system are an example

Like... how... the concept of someone having to TRY TO SUCCEED at a KNOWLEDGE GATHERING FACILITY is straight up stupid. agreee 100%



He even gave examples! Think nordic countries: instead of dumping """"dumb"""" people into the toilet like a bunch of no skill teachers.... they....group them! They use stuff like jungian typology, OCEAN, etc


But here is the problem with ISFJs specifically: They draw... TOO LITTLE attention to themselves!


Like... I could talk to him and note it all down....NO! people have to know what he looks like... because this is the same man that now plays card games, goes jeeping with his chaps at saturday and also....I think....IS STILL EMPLOYED


But... what if all the attention overwhelms him? I dont think he has too much Fi...


Like... and IJs in general, on average over their lives, have a constant: when they are correct, THEY ARE REALLY CORRECT! AND when they get to 60, when their Pe funcs have 20 year old IP person control... bro just throw the towel! its better for everyone...


Idk man... everytime he helps me move out I just feel like such a ragdoll...


Like... I tell him stuff like: "thank you!" "You know when I ask you if the thing fits or not? Youre really good at that kind of reasoning!" (Praising Si + Ti), And stuff like: "Bro youre just straight up SPEC BUILT to be a caretaker!" "I feel confortable around you!" (Fe parent)


Oh! And a very, very important (unrelated to this though... sorry) stuff people have to understand is that when some people are depressed (or have neurosis/feel like their essence is wrong, etc), they get MORE ENERGETIC (and sometimes SHARPLY SO) than normal, not less. Am I correct?


Like... Neurotic ESFJs become certified team carrying workaholics when they are depressed. And then they, suuudently, kill themselves! (Hmmmm?). *I approach them without a word. Im not very close to them and Im trying to introduce myself* *screaming at me* "Yeah sure! Ill do your homework!.... for the thirdtime today... uhhh... we had homework right?"
No... the worst part is, if you are just a little too stereotypical about depression... You may not even notice!!!!

And I swear bro the world where clinical psychology, psychiatry and stuff like jungian systems all shook hands it would be an utopia

And EXTJs... are really hard to help... because Fi, their inf., is THE self assured function. Most of the time, they can pretty much get anything done no problem, right? I do, I point, I manage. Thats their bread and butter. But... if they fail, their self assuredness will very rarely be there to help them. and because it is internal, YOUR validation will do next to nothing and they might hate themselves even more... they have to get out on their own... and then... after they blow up when everyone took them for granted and its their turn to be cared for and then they dont get it, they will, to put it mildly, develop some... tantrumish tendencies...