te grip: Like... "Look at how useless and pathetic and slow! Slow! pathetic! lack goals! degens!"

Fe grip is like: "Look! I am not mean! they are mean! Im not mean! I respect everyone and I try my best to be liked! Why do I have try so hard but no one cares? why? I deserve to be liked! I am a good person damn it!"

No... No... no my guy... Fi, Ti... those are all equally deliberate and calculated. they are all COGNITIVE FUNCTIONS! They require COGNITION! No... Im sorry... that take that Fi is just "DoINg whAT FEllS goOd" is trash. End of story no questions.

if people is just doing what feels good... they are not... Fi users. they have self control issues

But... its always deliberate! Someone who just does what feels good is either spiritually wounded, a psychopath, a small child or is a complete idiot.

yes! It can also be... a psychological thing! But its not MBTI! MBTI assumes DELIBERATE THOUGHT PROCESSES!

Want advice from a young adult INTP for older teenager INTPs? Dont look down on social conformity. I know... it may seem like adapting, even if just a little bit, will turn you unnoriginal and stale, but it actually does not. As a 22 yo INTP, what Ive found is that it actually does the opposite: While you are busy trying to be oil in the water and not mixing in, you need to avoid merging with the rest of the group, avoid noticing little nuances, avoid observation and interaction. You will not receive new vibes to store in your contextual awareness, you will become undernourished and your Ti and Si loop will feel like a continuous swim in a pollute river speckled with skittles that you eat to survive. No. Using your Fe, even if just in a small, although productive way, will first: Release some Fe grip tension. Then... because you acted upon your environment, you have to have captured some vibes, So you probably got inspired by that moment, because its not something you are used to doing. Then... because you also released some tension from your Fe, your Ti will gain an ABSURD ammount of extra strength, and you will feel more confident next time you find yourself trying to solve some kind of challenge in your little niche interests. And because of that, that will make you want to experience more atmospheres and then... store them with contextual awareness... It overall just makes everything pump in your psyche... So... dont look down on Fe.


Biggest lie told by ENTPs: Just one more Idea.