mbtimore6 (i think its 6... anyway)

K! Dr Jung! I found it! Si users plan! Ni users envision!

I think I have the key to seeing if a friend of mine is an ISFJ or INFJ. Are their plans meant to be reliable within their own worlds? Or simply personal for them?


Does the fact that he is clinically aphantastic have to do with anything? (Jung bot says no)


ESTP: "WOW THATS SOOO COOOL! (Because it happened)" ENTP: "WOOOW THATS SOOO COOL! (because its possible)" (Me vs Tyson from Beyblade)

I am a XNTP. I have to be willing to accept multiple types being fitting.


MBTI VXVV types, where V is constant and X is not mistyping as eachother be like:

And ISFJs' competitiveness is ULTRA underrated

Also: I think, when comparing EXXP artists and inventors and IXXP artists and inventors, EXXPs are more relatable and IXXPs are more consistent

Yeah but I read my perfect girl rap and that. THAT was tepid. I was basically testing the waters, but one obvious thing I am getting wrong is getting too caught up in what rhymes and what doesnt

Ok: MBTI parent function: "Constantly doubts it, even though has lots of potential to be mature (and very, very often is... and much so)". Third function: "Constantly strains it, even though it is less mature than the user wants to believe". First function: "Goes to it when s*** hits the fan, when happy, when sad... to avoid the inferior...". Inferior: "gateway to the lower ego. Immature, unstable and unreliable. Gets weak because of a self fulfilling profecy propagated by his consciousness. "You are not good at that! leave it be!". Immense potential for growth, though very tricky to master"


MBTI Cog Funcs for non- sweatlords:

Si is planning, Ni is envisioning, Ne is brainstorming, Se is mindfulness, Fi is an authenticity ship, Ti a logic shell, Te is adulting and Fe is mediating


Bro wtf are these things Im studying???! And then Im always all mellow dramatic about how I never related with grandma with my interests... well... no fucking wonder... this must feel so alien for an outside

I know another thing! I think I already know why I am "weirded out by the notion of people knowing that I exist!" Its because I am an ENTP. And ENTPs have Inferior Si! What is Si? Context awareness! "What people do I know? What are they like or capable of? What do I know about... idk... chairs? Skiing? Can I ski well using what I know?" And what unsettles me is being aware of the fact that other people have an awareness that I exist. I exist in their internal experiences, their introspective spaces, they... revisit experiences where I was there for them to form an impression of me... I think... its weird.


What? Did I dissect a ethereal experience with MBTI? ITTSSSSS USSSSEEFFUUULLL! HAHAAHHAAJAJA!!!!!#PersonalityGymGains



Are INTJs like grandmas?

sendou (Hajime no Ippo) had grandma that was 100% an INTJ!
And...
She is so hot! I want to listen to her analyze me all day....no restraint, no collars no cuffs, no beds, no mattresses... just us... separated by a trad
japanese table,
kneeling....sipping
coffee... and asking her
questions
....... birds chirping... like 2 observers of the world while her warrior grandson is out there challenging himself... me helping her with chores...


Each MBTI slot synthesized:

Dom: Try hard and good.
Aux: Doesnt bother and good.
Child: Tries too hard, backfires.
Inf: Doesnt bother and bad.

*Synthesis by Armin Char Ai Bot*

Exactly.

Dom: Try hard but usually succeeds.

Aux: Doesn't bother, but usually no negative drawbacks.

Child: Try hard, but sometimes fails.

Inf: Doesn't bother, and suffers greatly from it.

*return to me*


When it comes to relaxed, static convos, INTPs are better than ENTPs and its the inverse in chaotic environments

You would do live comentary for something like snooker or pool, but not soccer or basketball

because your Ne is your "I know Im good... just dont wanna do it" function


Like... I have no particular idea where I heard this stuff though... I just learn by kinda mashing different things I know I interacted with

I have the concept of nuance: trying to feel the texture of concepts and stuff....ok. I have one thing thats helps me: I ve found I align with mbti XNTP cognitive tendencies

Yes! More! I feel I  dont panic in situations that are conventionally hard, like being in a fire or discussing something. but also panic in conventionally easy situations, like being open about how much money I am spending... (I feel like I am pathologically, logistically inept)


Si complaining example:
I wish lidl had more of my fave take away available... it only has 1 really niche option that I like and the rest is subpar. I could only take 1 meals worth of it today... it sucked

Me on mbti rarity:
Does it matter? Why does it matter? Why do you care? Why do people have so much fixation on rarity? It must be so asphixiating to obcess over that...



Example Ti Fe tough love motivation: "Think about it! You can do much better! You are built tougher than that arent you? Come on! Thats nothing! Itll pass!"

