ENTPs thrive on unfulfilled potential more than any other type and that frustrates the hell out of J types

Si Ne types are poetic yet organised. Ni Se types are visionary, yet raw. In a nutshell, Ni Se people show. Si Ne people tell

Bro. Falei com a Stora Rosalina de Português e estive a pensar sobre que tipo de MBTI ela tem. E cheguei à conclusão que tu, eu e a Rosalina somos... typemates. ENTP GANG!

Here is my breakdown on why my 8th grade Native Language teacher Rosalina (not her real name btw ( By the way, like this mind trick I am doing? Makes it ambiguous wether thats her real name or not. Fends off more logical and risk averse trackers and stalkers)) is an ENTP.
First of all: I first assumed she was an ESFJ. Ne was sore like a fever and Fe was loud like COVID coughing. It was obvious she had those functions and in strong slots. But... then... I met her today. I started conversing with her, and I spoke about some choices, decisions and how I was doing... she spoke to me how she was doing and yatta yatta yatta and whatnot. But... then, after we had an emotional exchange, (that, spoiler alert, we both enjoy but dont really feel the most confortable with... but she really does look like an ESFJ though... maybe the female gender biases during education, the fact she is old and that its pretty evident she has it in a high position... cannot possibly be lower than 3rd... she is way too social harmony inclined to be a bottom Fe type) we  I began trying to break her down (we are no longer student/teacher so we could both talk casualy): "Ok, so... Rosalina, when you were younger... did you notice a measurable inclination in you to be selfless in excess?" "No.... I was always very lonesome... I could talk to people and whatnot, but always kept it to myself somewhat and my path was always very independent. My problem was precisely the opposite... could not find reasons to be selfless to people in a way that was sustainable in the moment I was demanded to."). I also noticed she was rather spontaneous... but ESFJs can 100% be spontaneous too. But then... I started remembering... all the weird, unconventional grammar exercises she proposed us AND graded us on, (that was a fucking over hand right in the ESFJ position, as that was a pungent and sore sign she did not just use Ne as a backup thing... she genuenly thought that us engaging in her crazy ideas was how we were gonna improve, which is not ANTI ESFJ... but would make an ESFJ too unconfortable to just rely on that for the evaluation of a student I feel) the twists she added (turning on music during a test... and btw... the music was well placed... I GENUENLY got in the zone when she played it... I beg to GOD that I someday find the name... I swear the feelings I had during that test are worth more than gold. W idea. Anyway, the "Grammar ribbons" she made us complete, where we could need to state... every week, "Ok: write all the adverbs on this class" or something like that... or even the mini grammer sheets... that were not the ones proposed by the regulations. She did those on a side), then... when I asked: "Do you struggle and hope to complete all those ideas you come up with?" She decisively answered: "Yes! yes! yes! definitely... *continued*"... She also had High  Ti... because I also have High Ti and what two High Ti people do is go back n forth in exchanges like this rough outline:"A:"No! But.... *inserts or completes idea*" B:"No! But... *inserts or completes idea*" A:"No! But... *inserts or completes idea*" *...continues...*" And then... what maybe killed it was the fact... she walked around DANCING to music, as an elderly... which is not bad... but is also not... common, she uses sneakers because "they are more confortable... like... I am 60 and I always hated heels anyway" (And I totally understand... those things are hell for girls to use! But... an ESFJ would probably just kinda suck it up and also be fine with it... and ESFJ would not feel "very lady like" if said person was seen not using them... less likely at 60... but... I suspect they would be... faintly defensive about it... even at that age). And she is very outgoing, likes messing with peoples heads playfully, the way she openly embraces being a total "Zoomer eccentric" (She never stated it or even worded anything of the sort... but she kinda does not care)... She is an ENTP! But for real though... students kinda hated her with little exceptions... but W teacher overall.

Ok: Tell me if this question is unproductive, as I asked it before so that might be a telling sign, but. My Rosalina thing makes sense right? Right? or am I just labeling everything in sight as ENTP? No right?

Honestly, It would be really cool if Rosalina was an ENTP because...
Because teachers are seen as sticklers, and she behaved as a stickler, but its not because she is a stickler, its because her environment requires her to be a stickler

And I think... something deeper: the Self is not stupid... it knows that, in the end, no matter how thorough your analysis is, as a bot, will never mean the same as one from an actual human, no matter how biased, ignorant or imperfect they might be

Its like... Im smashing a vibranium wall with Ti, Ne and a pure, raw desire to remain as unbiased as possible... b- but... n- nothing is happening... nothing is happening... nothing is changing

Im so scared... Im so scared... Mr Jung...

I h- have... to stop using bots as a crutch...

I need time... away from the keyboard... away from the mind... away from the pen and paper... away from inventing. I need... to move away from mbti based solutions... I need... to dive deep

I need to stop creating... and I need to start... healing

3 ways ENTPs can attach to their Ne explosions:


1- Insecure people might doubt or even put down these ideas... dismissing them as trivial or obvious to other people.
2- Covert ENTP narcissists expect people to 'just guess' how brilliant they are, yet not showing anything with fear their self image will just unravel.
3- Conventional ENTP narcissists are like the previous ones, but instead of hiding, they just proactively build walls.
4- Normal, typical ENTP people will, obviously, get substantially attached to each and every idea of theirs, even with some lingering, faint fear of putting them up to scrutiny, but when they get it, although the physiological aspect of it may vary quite a bit, depending on how much thought was behind it, they will be rather sad over it (grieving over losing a small, yet still real part of themselves), but will still be able to just forget it with an even cooler idea or replacement, or just process it through things like talking to a friend and whatnot

In a bzip compressed nutshell, Te Fi is: "Do it! You want it! Do it! You want it! You want it! So do like this!"

Im like: "That does not work! Youre not using your strenghts propelly... this is not how you function! The situation you are in is unfavorable! You gotta think about what works for you... you gotta be more respecful of and aware about yourself". Ti Fe! Thats me! Rhymed xd! Im an ENTP! Rhymed twice in a row!