A problem that people often fall for when trying to understand MBTI as beginners is: "isnt this just X mental illness?" And they do, because its understandable. I dont really know the details yet, but I know that we can look at people with different zoom levels, and the conclusions we take about the person in the different levels are always distinct in what dimension of the person they describe. A quick example is two completly different things: MBTI ESTJs and cluster B sociopaths. The problem with MBTI is that, for a neutral observer and two observed people A and B, when Observer looks at A or B, they can do it with different zoom levels. lets take 2 zoom levels, X and Y, where X != Y. Lets first assum Observer looks at A at zoom level X. And they conclude the person is an MBTI ESTJ. If they then look at B at zoom level Y and they see a cluster B sociopath, They may look exactly the same! Because its the same metaphors for different dimensions! its the same vibe! But of course its not really true, because one is a personality disorder and the other is an ego type.

But then... how do I view this using stuff like math structures? Something very verbal that can be handled easly... I already try to view it through different... ok zoom levels tell us different dimensions thats what I said. But then I cannot really elaborate.


Like... I said that MBTI classifies egos... OH! I can do something easier! Both things are obtained in completly different levels! Its like... when you type someone... you try to make your conception of them run on one of 16 tracks. if it spins out in the ESTJ track, they are not ESTJ. If they spin out in some type, they are not that type. Then you can take your internal simulation more seriously if you looked at them for a long time. BUT. Cluster B mental illnesses are obtained through a purely statistical system that consideres patterns that are kinda speckled everywhere and do not attempt to fully encapsulate anything about the person. They are more like a stranded survivor in a forest that eats whatever it can find and reacts accordingly. But MBTI is like someone planned going to the island and to do all kinds of stuff in there.

I was not talking about mental health issues themselves. I was talking about the process! This is, very, very, very, very, basically, how you diagnose a mental illness: "Ask question. Take notes. Ask question. Take notes. tick box. Ask question... "Oh! they definitely do this regularly!" Ask question again..."


And MBTI is an attempt to classify the bare metal underneath: its has little to do with discrete patterns. It encapsulates a very limited portion of the person, because that portion of the person is simply the ego, which is just the frontier between impulse and the social mask. very important. But tells us just a little part. Yet it is systematic and kinda mathematical about it. It tries to create a race track where all the simulated runs the person has on that track never result in a spin out




One is more Ti the other is Te


Ok here is one example of what I am talking about. When Jung refers to Si as "memory", people then think it is the ACTUAL memory of the person. No. it just looks like A memory. But it isnt A memory

Thats what infuriates me. because people that are not absolutely sweaty about this stuff like me will, very understadably so, confuse everything with everything and its all a mess


With mbti you can get to the persons perception more easly and with psychology you do the actual attacking.


