
MBTI Underrated skills:

INTP- teacher.
ISFJ- athlete.
ISTJ- Strateging.
ESFJ- Intelligence and logical reasoning.
ESTJ- Open mindedness.
ISTP- deep understanding.
ISFP- Self assuredness.
INFP- Optimism.
ESTP- Kindness.
ENTP- Listening.
ESFP- Resilience.
ENTJ- Empathy.
INFJ- Unconventional problem solving.
ENFJ- Perceptiveness (Of things that are not people... they are pretty observant)
ENFP- Leadership.
INTJ- advocacy.

Examples:

INTP- Me.
ISFJ- Dont have one... balance of Fe and Ti, plus resourceful within a rigid system of rules. Also supportive and competive in balance.
ISTJ- A security guard at my residence.
ESFJ- basically any bitch princess. pretty much the only way to approach them is to engage in a deliberate verbal exchange with them... that they... actually thoroughly tend to enjoy.
ESTJ- I dont care who you are or where you came from. lets just move on with life, ok?
ISTP- Novak djokovich.
ISFP- lewis hamilton.
INFP- A person I met up with in lisbon... acknowledges their weaknesses and genuenly only thinks about the practical side of them... not really giving a damn about reputations...
ESTP- Pretty much the supportive PT/Coach that helps you through problems... also very attuned to the struggles of other people. Could also be underrated advocates alongside INTJs
ENTP- Dr K from healthy gamer gg
ESFP- A friend at my residence who is studying electronics... lazy? work hard! Fat? Do sports! Dumb? Get smarter! Love that guy...
ENTJ- They loathe being seen as inconsiderate... and although they step on people rather frequently... they regret it deeply.
INFJ- Ayrton senna... his survior skills (not when he died... when he died his car just sucked way too hard), when the car is not at its best... or during the rain... resourceful... pretty adaptible.
ENFJ- maybe... people are envious? Dont really see any way ENFJs are underrated... but they are overhated.
ENFP- Those guys are pretty tough... they dont stay still and can be surprisingly inspiring to shellier people who dont really know how they fit in. but people say they are just outright chaotic crybabies which is not true.
INTJ- Greta thunberg. Dont need to say anything else.