Ego is normal. Ego isnt bad. Ego is our lens. The core of our identity. We cannot remove it or function without it. And its not some "yeah... theres draw backs". You cant function without it you idealistic dumbass. Its how you see reality, how you see possibilities, how you define yourself and what you do. The gateway to reason. The bridge between feeling, sensing, intuition and thinking. Its the OS. *Smiles* The SUPER ego my friend... is what you are looking for. As defined by Siegmund Freud, Its the part of ourselves we want to both project and protect while we are socializing. Its our mask, and it changes almost daily. Every single day and with every single context it ajusts better or worse and based on intent. Its a framework your personality has to handle itself when interacting with egos. And, *opens arms, eyes, everything* ITS ALSO NECESSARY! YOU CANT DESTROY IT! You... need it, however embarassing it may be to admit it. You NEED to please people to a certain extent to survive. You need to restrain your ID and EGO, and assemble yourself into a niche. If you are just difffuse with your super ego, your peers get confused, dont know what to do with you, cant make you feel accountable and cant make you feel rewarded! That said... I know what MBTI is! It... categorises and describes and proposes, ALL THE POSSIBLE types of egos and how they all relate to eachother


I have trouble accepting that I need to receive validation to survive and that I also need to validate and please other people. Otherwise, If I dont recognizr that I need validation and just play it off like: "Look at silly old narchy me wanting validation again! What an absolute leech, right guys?" , this black hole of affection will not go anywhere because, I can only receive what I accept, and accept what I recognize, so....if I dont recognize my need for validation.... what do you think happens? Validation, the validation that I need, even if I get it, its 100% useless. I am weak. I am a human being. I work hard like all other human beings. I need validation. Thats final.

beware people. Your inferior is not a bug pestering you. Its your 5 year old child grabbing your clothes gently and telling you that your house is burning down as you speak

My Module mate is an INFJ! I FOUND ONE GUYS! So... anyways... first hunch... his imagination is... clinically... 100% averbal and avisual. He cant visualize ANYTHING. Period. His imagination is uber abstract and personal. Also... Chaotic things unsettle him alot. he is paranoid about getting his food stolen, about me making noise... likes control. Also... he dreads offending people and likes everyone around him execpt... well... him, to feel comfortable and welcome. Is a pushover by his family and just does what they want. His thinking is also independent. Frequently asks me how stuff 'works. From beginning to end.' he thinks I am too disorganized for his taste. I am an ISTP. He genuenly values politeness. And His balance between internal 'figuring stuff out' and his external social harmony are very well balanced and can switch from one to another, now that he is around 20, seamlessly. And come on! he is in med school! Of course he is INFJ!
And my dom is their child. HE ASKS ME. ME to figure stuff out even though I am 'too chaotic' for him. INFJ bro! third Ti!

Also... I am now 100% sure my security guard friend Susana is a IXTJ! because... I mean just look at this conversation: (Overly verbose 4th wall breaking included for what I assumed was happening)

"So... Susana?"
"yes?"
"Ive figured something out! Something that works for me and that may contribute to more harmony?"
"*Curious*"
"So... I figured out... that inherently flawless systems are impossible in practice! A system only has to work as flawlessly in their purpose as is required... without the cons outweighing the pros! For example (harmony) I used to hate school and found it bad, but I cant demand school being perfect! Same thing for the job market! Basically... people want more personality and less clutter... but then its about balancing the flux of candidates to the ideal and then filter them through the ideals of the company or whatever they want the people for! Systems cannot be expected to be perfect! (CHUGGING and THICK ammounts of Ti there with harmony in the end)
"Ok... but thats not like that in reality"
"*What the hell was that question? I dont know how to react. its her Te.* W-What?"
"Listen: thats all very pretty in your head (her critical Ti kicking... she thinks Im attacking her parent Te), but that doesnt work like that. thats it. people should just do what they like! And be themselves! Dont need to complicate it so much (Fi kicking in. In support of the parent)"
".....What?"

Omg cars 2! I love cars 2! Misunderstood Mate that kicks ass at the end of the movie! Im gonna watch that one while eating pork ruffles!

Ok: REAAALLLY high level prototypical impressions I have of Types: ISTPs: Self improvement adversity seekers, ISTJs: Adulting warriors. INTJs: Path forging sages. INFJs: Harmony inducing sages. ISFJs: That one supportive yet very competitive teamate in playground football. ISFPs: self assured and edgy. INFPs: Self assured and viby. INTPs: Self improvement cameras. ESTJs: Maintainer martyrs. ENTJs: Adulting visionary Martyrs. ENFJs: Visionary summoners. ESFJs: Supportive summoners. Am I forgetting types?

ESFPs: Ballistic conquerors. ESTPs: ballistic performers. ENFPs: Ballistic vibers. ENTPs: Ballistic cameras.

Wanna hear something that would feel harsh for ESFJs?

Ok: "omg I am so tired of being offered clothes! Ive already got clothes ok? I have clothes at home in the wardrobe, in bags spread around the house! And people keep offering them to me and I have to keep throwing them away! And I even say, when they try to offer them to me: "Look. i dont need more ok?" "Noo man! its ok! Take it! Its for you! We worry about you and want you to know that!" "I apreciate the gesture but no thanks!" Like... bro! stop! no is no! I dont need your stuff! I know that you found a need in me, a pattern and want to assess it using a physical gift, but I dont need it! And its not personal! I dont have functional utility for your gifts! Im not some hobo that will starve to death in 2 days, with only a stiched jacked and  a pair of pants! Im not wealthy either... but I dont need any of it! Im a college student that is on summer break and so running out of scholarship money... but I can sustain myself! Im sorry! I know you really want people to know you appreciate them and enjoy being supportive, but sometimes... people... dont need your help! Like... im sorry... why dont you try to... calm down, go back to earth and just assess the situation and check if people... actually benefit from your help?"

Like... I also feel sorry for them... they just wanna help... but they dont really know how... thats their dillema...


No! they can do that too! They detect vibes with Ne, that they enjoy using because its third, and then they solidify it with a gesture, that can be clothes, a hug, a conversation... like... people... sometimes... dont need... anything, you know? Just knowing you care, which is apparent... is enough

Telling an ESFJ no one needs their help is like telling an ISTP that their ideas are boring or uninteresting

Like... the ESFJ because of trash Ti and Bloaty Fe. And ISTP because of Trash Fe and Bloaty Ti

Oh! And ESTJs nag because they also cannot accept that no one needs their help. You can observe a bored ESTJ in action with them telling their son, in an economy that simply isnt the same anymore, where the ESTJ also deep down knows this, to get a job and a house... just like that. And Oh! Also INTP trying to find problems in their lives that dont really exist too. They are both messed up. The INTP just does not bother other people explicitly

Like... ESTJ, please get a break... go do something cool. INTP: go help someone else. You are clearly out of tasks.

Oh! And telling an ISTP: "your shit does not work" and telling an INTP: "Ok and?"

Like the INTP: "But... look at the vibe! pay attention to how cool this is! What if this was real huh?" them: "Ok and?"


Small text about IXFJs:

Fe... Ti.. Fe... Ti.... Fe... Ti... Fe... Ti...



You dont struggle... too much. You switch between them like a light bulb... on the middle close together and communicating, logic and emotions dance in a delicate balance, hard for some to understand, and not for others. Your wisdom and harmony mix and match, becoming a single, diluted, beam of healing energy

yes. Like.... something you need to understand is that... while your F and your T are centimeters appart, my T is in my toes and my F in my head! So... let grandpa INTP keep up and MAKE IT CLEAR when it is a PRINCIPLE and when it is HARMONY! just kidding... your good


Like... for you its like: "harmony... discipline.... harmony.... no sweat! its good bro! its easy! just do it bro!" But when someone just... tickles your strong tree of concepts slightly... or just changes 1 fact that it is hooked too you say: "STOP! STOP! I CANT KEEP UP!"


yeah and I could say the same! making toys for fun is good and all.... ok: i have 5 power levels:
1- faint steam: My Fe is currently being battered and being overused. I switch quickly between Fe and Ti and use lots of Si. Im insecure, feel groggy, worn out and I am completly out of it. Happens when someone asserts themselves slightly more than usual.
2- potent steam: I only use Ti and Si and monitor my experiences. I look at them... picking up books... sifting through them... put them back in place. Know that gadget from alloy from horizon zero dawn? its like that.
3- orange flame: Ti and Ne. I basically just YAP ENDLESSLY! About vibes! And COOL SHIT! My text with the little git was an example
4- blue flame flame- Ti and Ne+Si- I go on creative escapades where I turn all the facts and vibes into COOL S*** FOR YOU TO LOOK AT! I LOVE BEING IN THIS STATE!
5- white flame- Full power. Ti, Ne, Si and Fe work in harmony, like playing an instrument. Comes up when I am deeply involved in a group project or something, or playing games online. I dance skillfully like a racing driver with his pedals, braking taking sharp turns, in the zone. I assert for my friends, I use logic. I explore vibes. I ground them. A dance in my head that does not stop, that makes me exausted... but makes me feel... complete


Ok: I think the biggest insult for ANY IJ in general is: Bro. You delooloo

I call it: the dillema of the politician. IP dillema is the dillema of the misunderstood performer...
its a tight rope... where they wobble violently




yes. Like.... something you need to understand is that... while your F and your T are centimeters appart, my T is in my toes and my F in my head! So... let grandpa INTP keep up and MAKE IT CLEAR when it is a PRINCIPLE and when it is HARMONY! just kidding... your good


Ok: ISTP knowledge sharing: "Ok bro: you know... your theory is very sloppy around the edges... I dont know if it is quite right... I understand it in this very specific way based on the facts everyone can see (and you can see them too, right? right? the present reality right?)... and I can help you understand better: Look: What if [fact that you should totally have seen but did not]? What if this happened? what if this happened instead of this? (they sound like experts... they expect you to have THEIR intuition tree that is hooked to facts that everyone sees... In a way... they are harder to understand than Ti Si people... They expect you to have that exact tree... "Look! What if they did this and this and this?" *niche stuff only people with his interests can hope to understand that exact way*". Is this correct?

Yes! And they describe vibes... and guess who eles in the world enjoys having vibes described to them? SJs! The MOST abundant types! So... yeah... poor ISTPs...

yes! And how do INTPs describe vibes? With... relatable facts! unnavoidably!

Its more because of Si

Like... omg I had an ISTP teacher and it pissed me off. Ok... know truth tables? know essentials of digital logic?

Yes. My ISTP teacher was talking about those. (see? im intp. Im about to describe a vibe... and I MAKE SURE YOU ALSO HAVE THAT FACT STORED IN YOUR BRAIN! HERE IS WHAT THIS GOOBER DOES INSTEAD): "Ok class... we are learning about 'dont cares' in truth tables.... you know those right? Anyways... explanations and questions later Soo... this is a dont care, mr [student  name]... if I 'dont care'... why does it bother you so much? "But... why should I not care? is it because... its called dont care?" Omg my boy... dont you get it? Its simple! Dont you get the idea I have in my head? I can give you more facts if you want me too... know programming dictionaries? "how is that gonna help me?"" Like... pisses me off so much...

Like... the student obviously CRAVED for the teacher to describe the vibe to them using relatable facts (In portuguese, we call it, in common sense, 'fazer-lhe um desenho')


Like... ISTPs are excellent problem solvers... but crappy teachers


Like... INTPs are lovely teachers

And omg... when I am trying to describe a vibe to an Se person and they just break it down into 'obvious details' and ask me questions about those it pisses me off to the moon!

Nah bro sometimes I just give up and move on honestly... Thank god I am Si Ne...

Because... all SJs have Si Ne and its easy to explain complicated stuff to them, and its specially easy if they are ESJs

Know ippo from hajime no ippo?

Like... silver plate served ISFJ... like easiest typing ever. Freest typing... ever...


Like... the lightning fast switches between Fe and Ti are telling

No. By sweaty I mean really intense and driven to self improvement








