Omg! Dude! SOMEONE ACTUALLY HAS COMMON SENSE! I saw a post on reddit... NOT MINE! NOT MINE! Just see this: "Fi - I feel Fe: I express Ne - I imagine Ni - I believe Te - I make Ti - I understand Se - I explore Si - I organise

This is your type I imagine, I feel, I make, I organise.

Se-Fi - I explore what gives me purpose and what makes me feel happy and alive.

Fi-Se - I feel like the world can be whatever I want it to be as long as I care enough.

Se-Ti - I explore theories, concepts and solutions that will excite and motivate me.

Ti-Se - I understand what will work and what won’t and what makes life interesting.

Te-Ni - I make connections and plans by gut, determination and leadership.

Ni-Te - I believe that I can make a difference with my skills and objective nature.

Ne-Ti - I imagine all possibilities and without much effort apply logic to test if they work or not.

Ne-Fi - I imagine ways I can explore the world whilst helping others do the same on my journey there.

Ti-Ne - I understand unique ways of looking at things which may seem irrelevant to others.

Fe-Si - I express dedication and unity to others whilst maintaining a chaos free interior.

Si-Fe - I organise people and things so they are content and welcome in my presence.

Te-Si - I make decisions and organise my time and environment so I and others can succeed.

Si-Te - I organise my space and projects efficiently so that I am not in chaos.

Fe-Ni - I express a desire to explore myself and others and make life meaningful.

Ni-Fe - I believe we all make our own purpose in life and will discover new things about ourselves regularly.

Fi-Ne - I feel strongly about showing my individuality and never tiring of trying new ways of thinking." Bro! People have no idea how much this is miles ahead of the average in Reddits!"


Like... it say it goes blow for blow with my insights!

Can I be honest? Because of all the misunderstandings that caused me to develop a mild superiority complex, it even feels sorta triggering. Maybe even faintly... Attacking. GOOD!

Like... even faintly attacking! Like omg... I cant stroke myself anymore this person has knowledge comparable to mine


But like... why is this so hard to understand typology like this? I know it is hard... they probably know too... but why?

Aight... I guess its enough stroking and back to the lab