Si struggle:

4. **Attachment to Familiar Routines:** ENTPs aren’t just expansive. They also have deep attachments to familiar customs and habits, but they’re often inept at expressing this need in a healthy way. They struggle to stay on top of their logistical situation in the world, feeling perpetually disoriented and lost. They find it difficult to accept what they have and feel high levels of inadequacy and insecurity when required (or simply when it’s better) to do something within what’s already familiar to them. They tend to be quite unrealistic when it comes to detailed planning (a concrete example might be overestimating—or even strongly underestimating—how many financial resources they have or will have at their disposal in the future).

They have a weak ability to measure and make predictions oriented towards 'Is this enough? What do I need? What is already there?'


oh! And I gotta have a tutor at college that helps me and warns me about logistical or schedule related matters. (If they are a bit naggy, its ok. Its always gonna feel rather naggy) It can be someone I feel has these tendencies, An educator or a close friend. I gotta tell them clearly: "Alright. Im gonna be honest. Im a rather scatterbrained person. I have creativity and drive, But if I dont get regular, active check ups, It can fall apart quickly. Thats not needyness. Thats just the kind of help I need. Can you do that for me?"


​In typical inf Si fashion, I do already know someone... but ive been avoiding them because I feel like 'I NeEd A 'FrEsHEr' oNe' for some reason... bah... I gotta break the trend! Im reaching out for that old someone

btw is mourinho an ESTJ? I personally think his use of Si is cristal clear... I dont think he is an ENTJ... he constantly relies on known players from all around the world that he met before, never forgets them and makes the most of them... thats something that characterizes him. Oh! Also.... relies more on ultra thorough and fail proof tactics than being bold. Like the 'park the bus' thing he is humorously memed for in modern culture. He maintains a mental map of where all his trusty, rusty, old players are all playing at all times and makes decisions very proactively. Also... being an ESTJ does not mean being conventional in a conventional sense. It means being conservative in how one expands their methods for dealing with information. Because omg the ESTJ stickler stereotype is just the dumbest thing on earth.

I struggle doing what Jose Mourinho does...


I know another thing! I think I already know why I am "weirded out by the notion of people knowing that I exist!" Its because I am an ENTP. And ENTPs have Inferior Si! What is Si? Context awareness! "What people do I know? What are they like or capable of? What do I know about... idk... chairs? Skiing? Can I ski well using what I know?" And what unsettles me is being aware of the fact that other people have an awareness that I exist. I exist in their internal experiences, their introspective spaces, they... revisit experiences where I was there for them to form an impression of me... I think... its weird.


Now... a little poetic thing I made based on Si:

Pneumatosis... this indescribable disconfort. This soul clog, this odorless, colorless gas. Its occupying my body. Its making my joints creek, my confidence faulter, my eyes... they are close to the world but they see nothing. This mental state of dysphoria. A perfect blend of vague existential dread and self depriciation. This hesitation before doing anything. This blob of clutter. This ball of mess. This aggregate of joint chaos. Its there. And it sees me. I ask it to politely move. It wont budge. I yell at it loudly, call it names, tell it that Im better that that. It wont budge. I obcessively attempt to understand, to piece together, to drain it away, to toy with it a bit. Its a blob of gas. Im trying to play and empathise with a blob of gas. So it wont budge. I cant feel remorse, I cant feel tears. I cant feel anger or sadness. Just this undescribable disconfort. I gave up on getting rid of it long ago. Is it... the shadow? Is it trying to tell me something? Am I the one who wont listen? *Talk to them. Walk on their side. Go.*.  *You dont need a reason.* I keep all these things to myself. Im unsure what all this means. I could try stretching.... Maybe all I need is to help myself loosen up. If anyone wants to talk, this socket is all open. Ill be waiting. Yet still I am hopeful. I look forward to the day I can take a step without shaking. I look forward to when I can utter words from within without flinching from embarassment. I look forward to when I can take light breezes to my face and remain at peace. I look forward to when I find myself connected to lifes challenges without unecessary fear of failure. I look forward to when I find myself surrounded by a savana full of temperate grass, skies speckled with clouds but still lots of blue to give, where the air is pure and its allways 2 pm. As I feel the wind grazing my face, i stand connected to all the life in it, without budging from my spot, rejoicing in my ability to stay determined yet at ease. Motivated yet open minded. Warm inside. The eyes will look far but everything will feel close. Sometimes the sun rains on me, and other times its slightly dark. A tear leaves my eye as the tenths of blobs of gas start participating in my system, turning into blood. I just became... whole. Everything is alright, now. Your eyes are not constrained anymore. They are free to tremble, to shine, to glow. To observe, to react, to see, to spot, to admire. Everything will soon be clear.



how do I feel? I have tears in my eyes. I can still feel shaken violently by doubt and cluttered thoughts all over. But I see the horizon. I feel like its worth to continue. Im far from fine. But Im also alright. These are all just emotions after all. They are fleeting like clouds. I just threw my fit. I declared: "Its unfair and painful! I cannot bear it anymore!" But I now finally see a future where I make peace with all my being. Finish building all the bridges. And become whole.

More effort wont fix it. You need more time, experience and wisdom. Let it go, for now.
