Humilty, Myeloma (dont play with the word myeloma ok? At least when people are around because they will not necessarly know that you are refering to a song. Its a Yakui the Maid song so almost no one knows it. I have to tell myself this... ok. Im gonna make it like this: me<- p_(me0)(me) × p_(me1)(me), me1, listen: I was watching a psychiatrist talk about doctors who work in pedoncology and said that myelomas are nooooo joke! And now the image of a small child with a myeloma feels kinda... weighty. Just watch out, ok? Specially around doctor professionals and students. They have special awareness of what it does to peoples bodies and what its like to have it, you know?) Humility is absolving the ego. I wanna go to a kitchen, but I wanna do it without having to choose! Ok. There is one in the residence where I live in the first floor. Basically all people put there are males (like me!!!!!! Im a male :3). And there is the second floor, mixed and third floor, all females. I like to go to both the first and third floor kitchens. The first floor kitchen people are pretty chill. They give me concrete advice and they feel very neutral to me. But the third floor kitchen is filled with chaos, goofyness and some of the most out the pocket people you will ever see! Ok exaggerating, but Its... more fun up there. I realized that the part of the ego and memories that controls specifically which kitchen I choose is ruined. I basically wanna go to the third kitchen (I may supress the floor part sometimes) because some of the people there are very similar to the youtube feminist compilation people. But when I get there, because they are actually working with their hands and cooking and focusing on concrete immediate tasks, they are literally immune to any teasing I can give them (same happens to me when I come outta my room fresh outta writing something, studying, programming or watching something fun or engaging. Or when I had a stressful day.) related to those dumb stereotypes. So I just end up eating alone without speaking to anyone while having narcissistic inner dialogue of how Im gonna tease them and utter the best comebacks or whatever. So I dont wanna do that. So then I am like: "So first kitchen, right? But theeeeeeen Im just choosing that one so I dont choose the third! So choose third, no? You are used to it and although sometimes its chaotic you also get cool conversations... but theeeeeen the same is true for the first kitchen! So first? Nooooo its too boring! So third? Noooo!!!! you just wanna get instant gratification and its bad for your spirit and stuff... and Im like AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-". How do I go to a kitchen without.... like... chosing it? Is it possible? So second kitchen, right? Noooo!!!! the plate on their microwave is broken and does not turn!!!!! AAAAAAAAAA!!!!! FEELS LIKE GETTING PAST PRIME MALDINI ON ADHD MEDICATION AND PED'S!!!!!!!! HOW DO YOU DO THIS???!!!!! I JUST WANNA EAT THIS IA STRAIGHT UP RIDICULOUS!!!!!