Then... There is Ester, the Venomoth. Ester is a relentlessly ambitious, self driven, disciplined, incredibly hard working, although judgemental and harsh with herself and others, Bug/Poison type pokemon. She was happy when at the safari zone, until she was taken by Mister, still as a small Venonat. Mister then baby grinded her until she evolved. Then... Ester was invited to join a team that was going to take on the Elite 4. Ester is incredibly perfectionistic, very reckless, always willing to push herself above any and all limits, wether of herself or from the environment. She is cunning, tactical, reserved, yet driven and emotional at the same time. She has the second highest Confirmed PokeIQ in the roster, just behind Beatriz, who has 170 on-paper points. Ester helps in the briefing, with some tough love reassuring and motivation, by analyzing situations and by being Misters right hand Venomoth. When Mister was initially using her in combat, her role was as simple as this: "Dip em in sleep powder and SCRAM FOR YOUR LIFE!" She is currently the highest level pokemon, as she begged Mister, who, like the rest of the team, love her inconditionally anyway, to help her grind and get psychic and a few extra levels, so she could "finally be useful", knows: Sleep powder, psybeam, double team and psychic. A bitter and tragic nuanced about her is that, although she tries very, very, very hard, Ester cannot seem to ever get quite strong enough to face other opponents head on at a similar level. She begged Mister to fill her with calcium and protein so she could feel she "actually mattered"... but in the end... she cannot ever achieve what she wants... relying on her speed to put other pokemon to sleep so the rest of my team can take them down, proving herself, time and time again, the point she does not want to acknowledge, that she will never be more than a sleeper pokemon. "You know what, Tomoko? i should ask the trainer for steroids! I cant continue living like this! I am spiritually malnourished and wont last another night until I clip my own wings off and crawl myself to my grave. I want a body that matches... my will! All I am.... is a disgusting grey moth that feeds off the strong just to keep itself barely alive"

This is Ester... the Venomoth.