Then... there is Filipa, the Hitmonlee. Filipa is an energetic, excentric, lively, hardworking and approachable Hitmonlee who loves 2 things in life but loves them very much: going blow for blow in intense pokemon battles and having fun with friends. She is fiercly competitive, driven, seemingly optimistic to no end, selfless, perceptive of her limits and inventive, albeit impulsive, excessively blunt, occasionally completly misses the mark on the empathy department, though she does not mean it. She fights with everything that moves and enjoys leveling up and "Kicking adversity to bits" and to be the one doing it, but if faced with a challenge she deems impossible she is always quick to tell mister to switch her with someone else. Although she is self first and other second, the barrier between the two is not too far away. She is currently level 51. She grinded alongside Leyla. Filipa knows... 3 different types of kicks and... Strength. Jump kick, high jump kick and double kick. Filipa always got really mad and threw tantrums if Mister told her to practice something else, so he gave up. None of that matters, as Filipa is always ready to kick opponents asses and be convincing about it too, making her a valuable asset in any pokemon team. She does not like it when the opponents are either too weak or too strong for her. Something she always recalls and retells is her most fun battle ever: She was grinding before the final attempt of Mister at tackling the Elite 4 and Gary, and encontered a graveller in the indigo plateau cave. These Gravellers are a problem because they... well... explode... dealing... ko damage almost every time. Yet... she was already strong enough to kick ones lights out in one blow: They were facing off... a mexican standoff... One blow from each one would be deadly... But the graveler went for it first yet did not explode, deciding to use Harden instead, to try and one up Filipa. But Filipa, very rigid as usual... simply kicked it as hard as she could, which worked and knocked graveller out. Filipa specifically looked for gravellers because they were hard to ko.


this is Filipa... the Hitmonlee.