Then there is Leonor... the Raichu. Leonor is a very hyperactive, somewhat immature, impulsive, teasing yet playful mouse electric type pokemon that was used as a status setter and backup for water and flying types. Leonor was caught on viridian forest, as a pikachu to be used against Misty, where she did a job well done by the way. Leonor is fast. Very fast. Mind blowingly fast. *tan* *tan* *tan* *flies by* *tananananananananananananana* *SATA ANDAGI Leonor shouts as she runs after another pidgey, to freeze him with thunder wave. Then gets bored of that one and runs after another to freeze him!* *OMG MISTER! THANKS FOR TEACHING ME THUNDER WAVE! THIS IS SO MUCH FUN! LET ME STAY 15 MORE MINUTES OK?* *Leonor is gathering lots of pidgeys so she can knock them out at once with thunder shock. She gathers like 6 of them. Then... looks at them... excitedly, like someone about to eat cake. Then... her cheeks start sparking and she UNLOADS ON ALL OF THEM, gaining 2 levels at once in the process.*. Leonor teases her mates and is kind of blunt and inconsiderate at times... but everyone likes her, deep down. Leonor, at a point, found herself at a bit of a crossroad in Misters mind: She had excellent speed and stats, but her moves were holding her back immensly. She needed to get stronger or she was going to hold the team back, as Misters extremely collective oriented approach meant that each part had to be equally important for all of it to make sense. Leonor needed some salvation. Then... Mister remembered, as they were now in viridian forest: lets buy a thunder stone, Leonor! So we bought the thunder stone, and now... Leonor, besides knowing flash, is now a Much stronger pokemon, as a Raichu. Leonor was used as a flash slave, status setter and... as a somewhat held back bird/water type sweeper. Mister told her: "Leonor. your place on the team is temporary. I was planning on replacing you this whole time. So enjoy yourself now, as, so you dont get me wrong, you are very important and always will be." Leonor, then, helped me switch train other pokemon during the fuschia city surf, by absolutely deleting the water pokemon from there. Overall... she was essential. But, at level 43, when Mister caught zapdos, she was put in the pokebox. Everyone missed her, but it was better for the team this way.