Then... there is Maria, the Venosaur. Maria is poison/Grass. She co manages the offense with the help of Tomoko and Hope, as the third damage crammer of the team. the fully evolved bulbasaur. Maria is selfless to a fault: She was Mister's starter. At the start, she constantly found herself outmatched by what Mister assigned to her. Constantly getting knocked out and being forced into the local pokemon center over, and over, and over again. Yet... she trusted Mister and kept going despite it all because she felt it was necessary for "The greater good". Believes in Mister, always doing both what she is and what she isnt told, all for the sake of the team. She is currently level 53 and knows razor leaf, mega drain, cut and grow. She barely uses the grow move, but Mister has not found anything to replace it. Maria is incredibly powerful. Can take heavy hits and dish out just as much. At level 53, she was able to whitstand a gravellers explosion move.Its true... During the first 3 gyms, she only found solace in the gym battles, where she was clearly at an edge, although farming was an hassle with the annoying ammount of bug type pokemon that exist in the early game. yet... she never complained. She always just kept going. She likes the sun and specifically to swim in the Cerulean City waters as they "Bring out memories I cannot explain". She wishes she could have gotten Toxic and Leech seed so that her other teamates could get healed quickly when she was out, as Toxic and Leech Seed, if you dont know, have one of the most interesting dynamics in the game: If you throw either one of them first, and then throw the other, whats gonna happen is this cycle: Leech seed drains hp from the opponent, healing Whoever is out then... toxic will deal the same ammout of damage in the same turn. Then take that number, and that is the ammount of hp whoever is out is gonna receive... and also the ammount of damage toxic will do. She claims it would be her dream to learn that as it helps her heal teamates quickly.

that is Maria the Venosaur.