Type: Musical Single
Title: Nonsense.
Genre: Goofy heavy rock with hard riffs and segments peppered with 8 bit sounds.
Author: Yakui the Maid.
Vibe: Bring me 1992. DSL? Tubes and connectors? All the blue, green and red in every display label @ home! All the advertisments! Touring car racing glory days! Nintendocore! yeah! Get moving! Make a C program! Amiga 500! yeah! Either programming and laughing when your memory fries. The memory leaks, the game modding... 3D FPSs? A Cutting edge ghost lurking in the shadows gaming! The 8 bits of gaming! Quirky technology all over! Rounded out edges, baby blue, green and magenta! Autistic, mumbling and screeching people inside my tiny screen are writing letters to me in my portable game, mom! Look! My monster makes sound! My other monster looks anrgy! So preety! People unaware of their destiny to chase trains! So I create music for the people! Music with funny sounds and kitty anime samples! Cute girls giggling and pink, blue and black clothes waving within the radiation flurried at me from a cube shaped light blaster! Frying my neurons and heating up money for a capital bonfire at the end of the month! So many fascinating things within this world... The memory! The buffers! The internet! All the cool games coming out! Each better than the previous! Did you know... 32 bit games are possible? Oh! And those RISC processors sure are promissing! I mean... who would not use them? They are so compact, simple and easy to develop for and maintain! They are the new sensation in the era of information! The main shining star in the star speckled sky of 90s innovation! Those CISC creeps lost their minds... I mean... I know I am still using an Intel CISC... But they only came up with x86... that is turning more and more obsolete every year! Who cares about that! So I peform graphical art, my parents saved a fortune for my 16th birthday for an electric guitar! I get to annoy neighbour Ronald now! F*** U Ronald! Mom! Sis's foot is in my face! Tell her to shower more! "Ahhh shaddap ya pussy! Its my natural odor!" *Sigh...* So I study networking with my arab friend... now... a grown up 20 year old with bills to be paid... *sigh...* where did I even get all these prejudices? All this vague anger? Where did It all come from? Arent we all born happy? How do people become bitter? *Sigh...* As life gets better... it just gets worse too, somehow... But also better... So many new things to be found. A whole future ahead with so many possibilities! So many new people to be born and to fascinate us! So why bother with nagging regrets and resentment? We could be growing forever... yet we seem attached to right and wrong...
