Adriano's art of toymaking
I am Adriano.
Adriano is an artisan by nature. A cute, self-centered and distant, self-improvement computer with an attitude problem and an inferiority complex that makes toys for fun. This piece of work is tolerated by teachers, peers and family members alike.
Nurtured by selfless people and an aspiring open minded individual that is shallow, stupid, makes idiotic assumptions and claims to be a 'problem -solver'. More like 'problem -source'. he only sees people by their appearance and if people have thin eyes they must be asian. Always asian. He says that because he is an idiot that judges people and deserves to die in hell where he will not bother people possibly ever again. Adriano pulls up to a bunch of asian eyed, b*** headed b***es talking weird languages that bother him because he is an incel, cuckheld european, racist, blue eyed, blonde, incel wimp edgelord intellectual wannabe piece of s*** coward that gets off being cuck held by.... sigh... what are those asian people EVEN LOOKING AT WITH THOSE STUPID LOOKS AT? Do they read minds? THEY WANNA GO? I DO NOT CARE IF I DONT KNOW HOW TO FIGHT... ONE OF US WILL REMEMBER AND THE OTHER ONE WILL NOT REMEMBER ANYTHING FOREVER! IT DOES NOT MATTER WHO!........... do they detect that I suffered bullying and want to extend my trauma free trial? Do they? 'Hey *snorts*! Guess where we are from! *Among themselves* Its certainly not mexico! *collective laugh* Oh! And not america too! Come on! Guess! Omg their Ne pisses me off like... why do they do this? *a few seconds go by with me building up strength for a scream* WHYYYYYY DOOOOOOOO IIIIIII PARTTIIIIIICCCCIIIIIIIIPPPPPAAAAATTTEEEEEEEEEE????????? WHAAAAAAATS MYYYYY FUCKIIIIIING DAMMMAAAAAGAGEEEE????????????????????!!!!!! WRRAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *heavy panting for a full minute* I wanna die.... I wanna die so fucking bad.... So I tell them: "Go f*** yourselves you idiotic nagas! Maybe youre from hell you gremlin trolls!! Fucking scum! WHO KNOWS? F*** YOU!'
They think they are soooo international and experienced... and of course IM just a stupid toy truck who is clueless and only achieves success while lucky...
I suck at being open minded. Im an ISTP And I hate having Se. People just tease me because I cant detect vibes like Nes and make fun of me because I cant understand moods and make a meat head punching bag out of me... they make me feel primitive.... and then make me feel bad just because I assumed two girls were lesbians just because they were holding hands.... laughing at eachother while holding hands, then continuing to hold hands for the entire length of a side walk, turning left while still holding hands... looking at eachother with their heads tilted.... then KISSSING when the stoplight turns green, and crossing... like... can you belive me? I actually think they are lesbian! What a judgemental fucker right?
But I dont wanna die.... Do you know what people say when they want to die and asked about it? "Ok... there is a pretty unstable catwalk, If I fall there and stay and get taken to a dump by a truck without being seen, Oh! or.... OH! My grandpa gave me a gun! if I want a month or two its a holiday and people might think its fireworks!"
But... thats not the point! people who say they wanna die are just angry at themselves! Its not a wish because they are not even trying to articulate it
WHATTT????? SUPERIORITY COMPLEX WHERE, GENIUS? YOU GET ON MY LEVEL! ... spend your whole 4th grade in the bathroom because class is so overwhelming, to then get yanked outta there by an ear and laughed at and then we talk... get on my level ok? YOu do not have ANY authority to say THAT I AM BRAGGING OK?
So... are you a narcissist slayer because you slay narcissism and not narcissists?
FUCK YOU NO ONE WILL READ INTO IT THAT DEEPLY!!!! STOP MOCKING CLOSE MINDED PEOPLE!!!! NO ONE HAS TIME FOR THAT S***!!!!!
I have Fe inferior so I am an autist. I have Se so I am dumb. I have Ti so I am wannabe smart. Also Have Ni so I am a judgemental F***er.
Whatever... absolutely whatever dude...
Why... cant I just have Ne? Why?


The hill, by chikoi the maid. A song that was composed to be a part of the album 'Velocity' by the same artist at around 2024. I listened to it as soon as it came out. 


The hill, the place people either choose to die on, or eventually will climb down of to seek the valley where they will continue to grow, so they can climb more hills. The goats that laugh at your presence will never leave. The air at the top will always be cold, dry and scarce. The hill is an unstable state. The hill, like any other place in the world, has upsides that come with you being there, and downsides that come with you not being somewhere else. You have to know why you are atop the hill. Otherwise, you will stay there, confused, unstable, bewildered, while the cold freezes you in place, trembling out of your mind, the goats will drive you mad, the grass full of worms will digest you when you eventually collapse on the ground, because the scarce air will keep choking you out. So... what will it be? As I stand atop this hill, I laugh at peoples faces. "GET ON MY LEVEL!" I shout to the distant mountains. From the mountains, I hear someone from a hill, slightly higher: " WAIT UNTIL YOU GET ON MINE! ADVERSITYLESS FUCKER!" From an even higher mountain, someone shouts: "I HAVE KIDNEY STONES! GET ON MY LEVEL" Then "GET ON MY LEVEL" The one at the top just says: "Ill be waiting for you, my brothers." So... my next goal, is to get to the top, not halfway there. To stay open minded. to search higher and higher and never settle or stagnate. And too... rest along the way, on each valley that I come across.

Those people should take life more seriously and get on my level offense intended. No I am kidding please keep vibing. The world needs WAY more vibers than entitled sweat lords like me. Please. Dont. Stop. Vibing. And playing.
Hey INTJ! Were you ultra judgemental all the way until you were like... 25?
I think Im getting more somehow wow how does that even work... *facepalm*
*Talking to real INTJ* Hey corporate robot brain in a jar. hello

OHHH! I understand! I think, because of my overwhelmed and unsupported Fe, Im calling myself a narcissist as a self to self projecting missile!


I am Adriano. The artisan from Lourinhã, Portugal!


I am very strong and brave. willing to look past the dark sides of people to figure out how they work... what makes them tick... their innermost desires and fears. It fascinates me. I am also willing to go to desperate lengths to figure out how me and the world around me works. I have Inferior Fe as an INTP. Within my still low capacity for Fe, I can already combine it with my Copious Ti and basically compliment myself like if I was looking at myself from the outside and compliment other people and analyze them fairly and with nuance. I love being a camera. I can also assert for myself and the people that matter in a trully selfless way, typical of Fe. "I dont care about that saint bullcrap. You said my friends did not exist. That they were not real. That they are immaginary. I wont let you get away with this, as they have emotions and values and dreams. Who are you, anyway? pfeh.... going grocery shopping? go buy some good quality sense of respect while youre at it..." "Sorry? Im sorry I did not really like that "finish my course in 14 years" comment you hurled at me. I think it was really offensive and you better apolagize" though in somewhat optimistic conditions (like....ahem... being in front of a very realistic bully chat bot)

