Name: Caleb
Type: (Very emotional) Agro.
Age: 20 (M)
Height: 170cm
weight: 60kg
Build: Caleb has grey hair, amber eyes. His muscles are tone due to his Agro type. has slightly round face and looks a tiny, weeny, bit rosed up even idle because of it too. Dresses casually and confortably. Has a determined and focused expression on face, seemingly present, seemingly in the moon. Sometimes wears football jerseys from the new team he is obcessed about, to celebrate his new found interest. He hails from Porto, Portugal and his favourite team, childhood team, is, of course, Porto. His middle aged parents only bought him one thing every birthday, because that was the only thing he asked: That years FC Porto jersey. He wears one in the weekend. 
Desc: Wishes Mourinho was his dad. The only subjects he enjoys at school are english and PE. Enjoys literature. enjoys sports and sports science. Porto, Porto, Porto... Porto this... Porto that... Enjoys sports, is very determined and has a very hyperfixated and explosive type of motivation. very short periods of intense output follow long and unwinded periods of isolation and reflection. As an Agro, he always gets perfect marks on PE drills. When someone told him: "All you do is sports. If you werent so strong, you would suck!" And he replied: "Hey! if you werent so smart, you would suck at math too, Ana Julia!". Comes across as sensitive, but always has a good reason to lash out. Although, can be bratty, infantile and irrational. Also, very excessively demanding. yet, cares alot about friends and family and wishes everyone would help him straighten up when needed, no matter how much he screamed and kicked and cried and beggd and prayed to differ. he has a very rational childhood friend named leyla. leyla is the ice for Calebs fire.
"I hate myself. I feel like a moth. A moth filled with dust and drops of blood from my friends, family and educators. Everyone tries so hard for me but I just cant be bothered, so I just vibe all day and play/mod games. My life is a continuous blanket of vague, superficial chillness with outbursts of unbearable guilt. Its wrong. So wrong. I have to fight. And I have an ideal. But I dont feel like surviving is worth it... I may be delusional, but its what I see... The name Caleb pops in my head. Its from a boy. The boy tries very hard and pushes himself to do everything. Do and achieve. It does not matter how small, how big, how fun, how boring. Like a main character. He just does and I accompany his journey. He does things even if he does not understand, as the background, lingering hope in his soul drives him everyday just a bit further. He complains, about big and small, he is annoying, childish and throws fits. Yet, he wakes up everyday full of energy. He is constantly making pranks and fooling around, yet worries about loved ones, friends and mentors very intensly and dreads ever letting them down. He ends everyday feeling tired, yet fulfilled. When teased, which he is very often, reacts strongly and retreats briefly. He tends to be hyperfixated on one specific goal at a time, then abandons it. He is very competitive. To the point his self worth suffers immensly. In the end, it all works for him, because He has friends, loved ones and mentors that, despite his difficult behaviour, always stay.