Vou dançar em cima da minha insegurança endurecida e derretêla com a minha energia.

quero partir tudo com um sorriso falso aberto e animado na minha cara.

tudo é melhor com explosões

maidcore é o género musical correto para lidar com rancor adolescente

Quando tenho potencial, eu sei e me empurram, recuso-o.
Quando tenho potencial e eu o sinto, eu questiono-me.
Quando outros têm potencial e eu sei, exigo deles.
Então porque é que me sinto tão triste quando me saboto?


Sua traça! Transformar-te às em poeira quando morreres e ninguém reparará.

Eu percebo muitas coisas. Tenho muitas ferramentas. Só não percebo porque é que alguma destas coisas é importante.

The pointlessness of understanding is haunting me

it does not hurt me when the entirety of my world crumbles, ok?
 
everything is allways exactly what it feels like

I dont need to have a point to hate women

Remember: women are not emotional. They just normalized the act of expressing emotions subconsciously. Buuuut, if you are a man with a penis, you can also express emotions! But not the weak ones, like resentment, frustration or despondency.

I wont abstract myself out of what I feel anymore. Its been too mutch for too long. I will stick with my beliefs until the bitter end.

my entire being is dazzled by utter confusion about what it is suposed to be

I like to thinking critically and pause and ponder about my misery

My test is asking me "why?" and I forgot my cheat sheet somewhere I dont remember

They say that the world is your oyster. I understand the metaphor, but I wanted to live at my parents house but I dont have them or the house anymore


all the abstraction is making me bleed all my life away. Its all clutter, and I am a pathological hoarder

Shitnerds buy books. Normal, smart people download pdfs.

my world is a closed oyster

people drop bombs on my sandcastles and then just leave

I wont cut it. I know its not convenient for you, or anyone that isnt me, but I still need it. Blood still flows to this part of me, so, if I cut It it wont just hurt. It will damage me. So leave ME alone along with YOUR fantasies of a life YOU did not live!


who told you there are people "living more" than others? there isnt "living more". just living.

I need to change. And I dont mean I need to change because I am ashamed of myself or something. I m bored.
 for 5 hours straight after breakfast

the funniest people are the saddest.

dont worry little one. If you grow for your sake, its never in vain.

visionário ou esquizofrénico? nenhum só eu.


Eu não sei nada.


I wish students were grounded by misbehaviour in college.


Grow up? You want me to grow up? I will grow up. Oh I WILL get more mature. Ill have lots of time to get more mature when I get buried under 6ft of soil!


Ill have enough time to mature while decomposing 6ft under


mal tenho paciência para me aturar a mim quanto mais aos outros


não dormir = muitos pensamentos intrusivos = Tomochan

Acho que exigi de mim um ritmo de amarurecimento intelectual demasiado rápido que fiquei assoberbado e conclui algo como : cum caralho, mais vale esperar até morrer para me preocupar com isto porque ao ritmo que querem que eu amadureça acho que é mais fácil corresponder se eu decompor como uma fruta também contar. E não gosto do vosso tom


sim os rumores são verdade. após chegar à conclusão de que me sinto orgulhoso de quando magoo pessoas, posso concluir que sou narcisista


sim, também sou incel, nice guy, superficial, movido a pensamentos intrusivos, extremamente imaturo e irresponsável, fraco fisicamente, fã de tomar atalhos, irracional, sádico, mal agradecido, literalmente fatherless, praticamente motherless e não muito self aware.


why are you wrong? why are you dumb?


Whats the point for all the self shaming? where did it all start? some intrusive thoughts due to lack of sleep back in 8th grade?
why are you dragging this for this long? 

I ignore a physical or emotional need until I forget about it then make a fuss about having more intrusive thoughts because of it later

these thoughts are not from anyone. or from me exclusively. they are learned things that are no longer useful. simply bad habits that Im struggling to get rid of
my brain is just fabricating this to complain. now my life feels so empty, now that my suposed enemies are gone. now I just dont know where to go or what to do. i am confused

people have no way of knowing if what you say comes from an intrusive thought or if you really mean it

people dont care about me? ok and? is there something I can do about that? Obviously not? I thought so. So why should I care? 

blowing all my friends up into the air like I just dont care

my pathfinder of purpose jammed

i enjoy listening to music with broken, laggy bluetooth headphones to soothe my wellbeing

running around aimlessly is only not cringe when my waifu does it

when people praise me, I allways think like: "yeah, I m pretty cool, I guess idk"
 

painful gagging reflexes of petty hatred


como autor dos textos "toxic bih", tenho a dizer a todos os que se identifiquem com eles, que não se matem. podem achar que não precisam de ninguém, ou até mesmo que não precisam deles próprios, mas são pessoas confiáveis e que trabalham muito. lutem. lutem. precisamos de vocês. por favor. mas também descansem.




I just wanted to learn with them. Thats all. Thats why i am so obcessed. But I cant match them. Why cant I match them. Why do I still carry the old same fundamental flaws? The same mild imperfections? The same mild, uninpressive gifts? Why do I want so mutch attention? They never ask for it... the same voice, the same body, the same soul. The same innerchild who is as hungry as ever... for life. It is just the smell of the gasoline that propells me. Its calling me... it wants me to floor it. To feel insecure. To grind it out and myself into a perfect sphere. Nar... cisism? Perfectionism? Whats the difference anyway? Is one just the other but occupying other peoples property? People are interesting like I will never be. So I run in this ratwheel... forever. Its my destiny. My mission to love myself until I become a blackhole and suck up all life around me. I will be the perfect bullet. It will go faster and farther than all other bullets. If I am a bullet I dont care about the gun. If I am a gun, I dont care about the wielder. If I am the wielder, getting a new gun is awkward and ugly and disgusting and feels wrong.
This is not a nightmare. Its bliss. To do everything right and be seen as nothing but a neurotic, judgemental schizo-weirdo freak. Its a dream. I dont say this sarcastically because I resent not feeling good. I say this beacuse I could always be better. Who cares about validation? Praise? A miracle from the gods of recognition? Lets aim for the bigger prize. Its looking at me and Im zoned in on all the imperfections and work tirelessly. I groom my fur until its glossy. I program until I cant form thoughts anymore. I will morph into the freak my soul claims I am and should be. Today and ever after, I shall go to bed either exauated or dissatisfied.


My life is programming. Coding,..
 whatever you want to call it. Ok, so here is the thing: I am a useless human being. That is... if I am not in front of a computer. I will and I want to program to the sound of maidcore songs (yakui, chikoi, komak, etc. it does not matter). I think I will get rich, by a lifetime supply of the most nutritient concentrated food possible, shove it in my room and glue myself to my chair. you may think this is self harm. For me, its a life investment. You may think my worldview is small and innocent. In my eyes, my world cant simply get any bigger. I already have all that I could ever want. I can die now. Not that Ive seen everything already. I just know how I want to die.
Why do anything else? I just feel remorse, contempt and guilt that makes me compulsively curl my toes and gnash my teeth. I am not worse at everything else than average. Im like a vegetable, a social pressure driven brainless slab of bone, fat and blood. I want to die while walking and circles and thinking. Thinking about that annoying memory error, about incorrect results. Plans for more babies.


I want to spread the love for Osaka from azumanga daioh and yakui the ninjura maid around 


narcissistic turd of an idiot i have no redeeming qualities and the people who hate me have a point i want to free myself from the shame instantly by telling myself to "just not have regrets" and that "life does not have a purpose. it is the purpose" but I cant rest easy until I free myself from all the filth that composes most my essence.
Outside of my social mask I just dont understand how filth isnt a totally subjective thing though... because life has no inherent purpose. why marry? why self improve? why spirutualise? why get out of bed?
and nobody will come save me from the emptiness. Im all alone. And I like it that way. even though I suffer. This sounds edgy. because it is. but Its also sincere. when will everyone learn? are politicians just unevolved primates? not the ones that analyze politics. those are normal. no im talking about the ones that run this shit. are they not aware of how shitty their life is? wake up everyday, engage in completly self harming and self torturing environments and activities and tell yourself that it is for the people/nation/god/belief system of your choosing? wake up choosing problems over anything else life has to offer... even scientists... why do they care so mutch? why do engineers work so damn hard? I knew this already. but i am so exaused emotionally (no mana) that my sense of choice is crippled... and I feel powerless as every demand imposed on me feels like a chore. I need to get away. I need to get away... kill me




Intelligence is discipline over the information in your head. The reason we assume by instinct that ammount knowledge correlates with intellect is because it is correct very often. Because becoming more knowledgable is a direct consequence of exercsing our intellects, most of the time. Intellectual exercise involves playing around with information, gathering and then categorising, sorting and replacing it. Also finding coherent connections betweeb those information blobs. That also is related to how much you pay attention in the measured tasks (senses= input), how confortable you are with actively taking care of the integrity and validity of knowledge (critical thinking= discipline over information) and not being rash about the connections (open mindedness= intuition control). The more clear and quick and agile the acesses, the smarter. Its is a measure of how conscious and careful you are about your information management habits. Also, experience is how much useful time you spend managing your information with these processes.


why is having fun so fucking hard?


I am a shitnurd and today I was bored and lonely so I went to the school cafeteria. I tried fitting in and to start a conversation, but it was not possible because my bitch princess bully friend did not want to talk to me

People think autists are incapable, innefective, bitchy, flowery weak shitnerds. But in reality they are strong, valiant warriors who deserve glory and respect. And sometimes their both. And sometimes neither. 50/50. 70/30. 99/1, now lets put them into tuples. They are: {(x,y)  E R^2: x E ]0,100[ && y E ]0,100[ }.


Who thw hell even heats up their food... Real, normal people eat straight from the package no seasoning


I am so fucking worthless. I have an exam in 5 days (4 days in 2h23 minutes... 2h22 minutes) and Its so mutch fucking material that requires thought, time, practice and patience and I am so tired of my bullshit... I am fucking useless with my useless writing and useless programs and useless humor and useless face and useless. I dont even know how I expect to survive! I have the option to make a internship but I cant work for shit because work is fucking boring and my family is like: "I hope your doing fine... you are... you very smart! Very smart boy very yes very strong very smart very good student yes. U not disabled so u study and you like it :) If not disabled and not study u dumb so u disabled and useless and might as well live hooked up in a white ass room in  white ass bed in a chemical and hand sanitizer smelling bed with artificial and colorful machines and "beep... beep... beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee (u get it ill stop)"" if that is the case, tell me why I struggle to work in boring shit, and meditate and healthy and run and "buh! me stronk me grind me displinine of greek god yes very nice" for 3 months and side benefits aside, I would rather be locked up, as they will actually teach me how to live???!!!! I dont know... why doesnt natural selection do its thing..... why am I so fucking lucky.... why... am I living like I am already dead? I am... too rational. And cynical. Its not their fault. Its not my fault, as I struggle to come up with introspective insightful answers to ask my family on the phone for help. But someone has to do something. I need help, though. I dont care about academics. I dont care about smart, or sexy or charming. I just want my hatred and arrogance to disappear.

Type:Musical single
Genere: Orchestra of Narcissistic Mania
Title: Narcissistic burden
Desc: I am arrogant. Very arrogant. Borderline Narcissistic. I also feel inferior to everyone. And superior at the same time. I either feel superior first. Or inferior. As soon as I step outside my house. But its allways both. I feel like they judge me. My consciousnees gets broadcasted from my antena head into the air and into everyone around! I get broadcasted! Everyone knows who I really am! A fraud! Its obvious! Its twisted Radiostalking! With eyes and faces! Thats why I get out of my shitty room just to dance to the sound of depressed, hopeless tunes of russian doomers! Maidcore! I dance in front of their faces, not to please them or show happyness. Its to mock them! I have to allways be strong and never complain! Even though I want to do it and do it compulsively and Obcessively! Pointlese philosophy is my language! I abstract myself from my identity. Identity is a distraction! I also care about it more than my actual life! Well... not really. I would not trade my life for anything else. I have to scream before I die! I cannot accept defeat! I dance to mock and tease! Its forced! And barely works! I arrive in my room sweaty, full of repressed darkness and bored out of my mind! I kinda... wish I did not exist, Honestly. But also feel like I have no choice. Life itself has a purpose. Everything alive accepts this as universal! So I shall do the same! And keep going until I am pure! Im better than the cleaning lady and the retail worker! I am in college! I know its horrendously ignorant. But I havent gotten evidence to prove me otherwise yet.but that does not matter! I am in a bus and the view is beatifull!
 So I shall laugh maniacally at shallow shiny lights! Even if its fake, I will laugh! I will not allow myself to surrender! I dont care If I was set up to be a pest! I ! WONT! DIE! I will carry the belief that I am and  must allways be perfect! It sucks I know! But no one wants to help me! All they do Is fix the destruction I leave in my wake! But I am still a parasite and infected! Like an african mosquito!In the end all I want to be is a great man. Im just frustrated at the clay I was given.



Seven. Six. Five. Minus seven hundred and seventy eight. Zero. One. Go. Bullies. Beware of my ultra man sonic persona blasting cakewalking humunculouses out of my training bag. gods praise mortals in heaven and the devil says a prayer. Systems collapsing into mountains of rock formed by erosion. Wishes Witches and Ugly Wonders. Violent headbanging to Colorful penguins having sex with the snow of the saara in the night. Numbers can grow to become really big and very strong. To make your number grow big and stronger, it needs exactly 1 space. Then dog tongues for their daily seasoning intake manifold manufacturing needs. 66 is the species my number belongs to from the alphabet. Huge space psychic aliens read the shopping list from my mind. I wish my mother was still alive. She was not perfect, she was depressive, sensitive and weak. But also honest, smart, compassionate and hardworking. I want her back so bad. Please give me back my mother. Please. Bunny hopping in real life to goats failing math tests about indian ninja food gets me very, very upset about homicidal hares. 


hub grand theft auto vice city fast cars mod 100% working 1855 fast download (link in desc) tanjiro komodo dragon slaying genome. HUAH! YA! Jiren kicked the shit out of taxpaying heliocentristic monkey doodooo 66 55 77 88 99 big bad maids shoving cauliflower into big trucks to feed the elderly for charity. GO! FOR MISS WRINKLE! SHOW OFF THAT BICEP KOMAK! DONT BE SUCH A PUSHOVER CHIKOI! GET OFF THE KETAMINE YAKUI! STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT LIFE ISA! STOP MOURNING ESTER! deadly missed bodyshots! Fact spitting alpacas are feeding on the corpses of my two pets: A rabbit! and a grasshoper! I laugh maniacally at my deceased hopes of being free from unecessary burdens produced by unresolved neurosis, so that people think I am great as a person like them. Please punish me. Im so ashamed of myself. Im too far away from all of you. Give me my due punishment. I want to be good. If you love me, you will send me to the chasm. Please! Percent sign, Dollar sign. Nine. Fold me Nina! Fold me like laundry! I love you so much! I wrote this gibberish specially for you. I hope it reaches you and you acknowledge my view of you. Jumping rope on the roof of an elephants anus. Helicopter Hippo shit revolution nutmegginh lions on the tennis court. Reddit addicted alt gen z attention span dopamine brainrot not enough struggling space ninjas in my bedroom bouncing from wall to wall like dora the explorer after 2 liters of vodka mixed with clonidine. Boots is giving me a toejob and whispering death metal lyrics in my ears until they bleed the period blood of my non existent 87 year old sister.


So I am at the residence near my faculty right? I have some free time, so I decide to head to the living area where some students I know well just arrived to play some videogames. They set it up and decide to play some racing game. There are three, to which I am gonna give fake names: There is Humberto, Carlos, and João. I fucking hate João. He pisses me off. Im gonna explain it in this cenario. They all suck. They barely play videogames let alone racing ones. They pick race mode, a track and a car. It starts. Humberto is playing. He is laughting, I am watching him play and I am laughting and Carlos is laughting.
He came last and his car was wrecked. He had a blast. Then... its João's turn. He also was not very good. Like the other two, he barely understood any principles of how races work or cars. But after, he was like, (like he does all the time he has a chance to bring up his performancr about something): "Omg I was so fucking good! I fucking rocked! I was awesome! I raced so well and stuff.... Im awesome... I was good right? I WAS GOOD RIGHT? RiGHt?!!!!" AAAAHHH Pisses me of sooo much!!!!! Its like the half'th time you play that shit! Just have fun! What fucking previous experience do you even have to gaugr that????!!! STOP BEING A TRYHARD JUST HAVE FUN!!!! And everytime someone brings up partying and girls he is like: "Omg im so ugly I have no swag Im so ugly (actually kinda good looking. Not that it matters..
 moving on) And everytime he is asked about masturbation he is like: "MasturBation Is FoR PussIeS! I haNg out at ParTies and BaNg Girls!" What an idiot... the kind of dating he does is just collaborative masturbation anyway... its not like he understands how to actually make another person happy... UUURRRRRRHHHHGGGHHH!!!!! HE is just SOOO SPIRITUALLY INCOMPETENT!!!!! OMFG JUST HAVE FUN YOU TRYHARD! THINK PROPELY FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE! AAHHH PISSES ME OFF!!!!


I feel... amazing. (All of this today in my hometown) I just came from a game of street football with some old friends, after I had watched a game of junior football pitting our local team against some other village in a small local pitch in the morning (its now noon).  And my day was just filled with so much memories from 5th grade when I was obcessed with modding old games, when I had the february running race around My village. I remembered... so mutch angst mixed with teenage stuppor, bullying mixed with friendship and trully authentic and private moments. The sweat, the games... when I still played them for fun and wasnt pretending to be anything... I wasnt some pseudo intellectual pretentious loser (not in achievments, but In spirituality. I dont believe achievment decides whether or not you are a loser. But I still feel like one. Im just like João... MOVING ON!). I did not have much responsibility... WHO CARES???!!! WHEN MOST ADULTS DONT EVEN HAVE IT ANYWAY! But I did not need to please to greeks and people from troya. And I believe any adult can be like that! Find yourself and you can live like you are a giant ant among tiny big giants! Like you are surrounded by leaves in a forest cut by a river as you cross a smoothly paved bridge road and there is just trees, a toyota mr2, a springy smell, a somewhat overcast sky , the sun that shines and gets reflected of the clear asphalt, wind, and guard rails. Some cars pass by, sometimes... Like you are in a big  war, where you are as small as a rat, and the world is a huge moutainous structure with huge cliffs, islands in the sky and you can grapple to the floating rocks at ridiculous speeds as you crash into a deserted ginormous sky scrapper with no furniture. There is lasers, blasts, bullets, assault recoiless rifles. you set yourself up. There are huge human slicing disks all over the place that people generate, people fly in surfboards and grapple hooks, as the entire world fights in a free for all frenzy, where both independence and coalition are mere choices. Everyone receives armor at birth and once they are killed, they respawn as adults, with a mere pistol to arm themselves. They can choose, at every level they grow, a new weapon, a speed boost, an armor boost or a health boost! And People also respawn indefinitely. There is noise, chaos, deadly lights, explosions, blood, people teaching each other how to craft and wield the literal scythe of the grim reaper, the strongest weapon. Also the bolts from zeus. with them, @ every aprox. 1/70 shots you get either an instant kill or neutralize any target god mode. Some weapons also dont need reloading, Theres people flying! They are shooting and cursing at each other! About 50 in a cubic half kilometer! Just flying and zipping by. My head is pulsating, my brain is overwhelmed, all my muscles are a mushy paste! So I stay still in the building setting up my antimaterial cannon! It deals more damage than the disks! Although I only have 10 shots per day! Ahhh... I also felt like I flew across the pitch, facing strong and weak opponents, "YOU WONT GET PAST ME! *Oh shoot*. (Better run to cover spaces cmon no time to mourn!)" We all man mark. we are primitive amateurs. We shoot as hard as we can because... who cares! the ball will eventually go in anyway!... And we suck so all of us just run from the ball anyway when we are goal keepers!
Man... I wish I had wifi right now... I really wanna see if I make some progress learning openGL... to make some crappy 3d games. Its never cringe when you play a game you made yourself. Its never sad! Its never pitifull!


Adriano: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. Because I am so utterly useless.
Soraia: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. And I keep going anyway.
Ester: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. I dont deserve any relieving.
Raquel: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. I prefer prioritizing Resposibilities. They make your eyes wider.
Filipa: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. I have too much hunger but I wont stop.
Sofia: All I have is Unfurfilled dreams. Because since that day, I became a newborn baby.



When you stop drinking the water the communist party is trying to sell you! Its all a scam! The sewer system does not work! It has too many rats! Look at how dirty sewers are! And what about when you forget clean your toilet? Do you even like to clean toilets? THINK LOGICALLY! THEY ARE CONTROLLING YOU! THE BLACKS! ITS THEIR FAULT! They are making you clean THEIR DIRTY SYSTEM!  WHO THOUGHT THAT SHARING WATER WAS A GOOD IDEA?! WE SHOULD SPLIT THE OCEAN! Anyway our lidl watter bottle with a coffee filter is 9.67$. BUY NOW!



Bro. With the time spent in our program of cybernetic dungeon firefighters you are investing in your life! You will win! Everyone will know! And by everyone knowing they will understand. And then, by them understanding you, you will understand yourself, because we are all connected! Its in your blood! And then...you will unlock your true potential! And see beyond the wall! The wall that blocks you! You will be powerful! You will win! You wont regret it! Btw its 53$ 67 cents a month for 3 years! Change your life now!


So... you can act tepidly huh? You can absorb Aaaaaalll emotions and not budge! So collected! So cold! So rational! Congratulations! Clap clap! You learned how to stand! You can STAND NOW! HAHAHAHAHAH!!!!  But... can you do anything else? like... not wasting away your days by escaping from your challenges through obcessive abstraction? It really takes a toll on your mind due to your constant dismissal of very clear obligations from your consciousness too! Come on! Get out of the slum that you desperately dont want to live out of habit! Embrace your fears! Channel them into painting a beautiful canvas! That is the purpose of Man! To live! To live! To think like you is to die! Die!


I learned about MBTI. Then my MBTI. Then tore myself appart and rebuilt my identity from scratch. Now I am still rebuilding myself from scratch. Ive never been happier.


I have a friend named James. He is   a jeovas witness. He has different beliefs from me, who is more spiritual. And he is kind of an asshole about it. And he is way better than me in terms of self regulation and academics. But he is still human. And... although He is very also very arrogant and narcissitic, he is lonely. And he kind of intimidates me and I avoid him. But that is wrong! I must see him for who he really is! He is a man! Like me! Like you. Humans will allways rank each other. Its their nature to compare. But if we dont see past those labels, we will never ever be whole!

Oh you and your futile ridiculous fantasies of resourcefulness! Whats the point of not asking for help if you end up not actually achieving anything and also lonelier?

The only thing my mother did wrong was stopping on her way to her dreams. I wont do the same.

All their advice is shallow outsider optimism

Now I know why being an ISTJ or being perceived as normal or whatever is such a bother. It is because I feel like I have failed society to a point where the only thing that makes sense to me is go as far astray as possible, because I dont feel like i have the right to belong. I never forgive myself after I acknowledge each one of my millions of little mistakes and every unforgiven mistake puts me farther and farther away from... them...my peers...my family.. and... little by little...I also begin losing myself in a life of a moth, a shark, a brainless, smell guided predator looking for the next, most pure exciting experience. And all that would mean the loss of everything that justifies my existence.


The reason why I have the visualization of me in a post apocalyptic world with ruins, tall grass on concrete and broken glass where ferocious mutants exist and I am merely a young man with a pistol who can only only observes and defends own self is this: A powerless man overwhelmed by a world where it seems that everything he can connect with is now destroyed.


Even as I dwell in lots of fakeworlds at once, I can still remain real


My biggest wish. Yes. I can still want things. My life is not completly devoid of meaning yet. Anyway... it is... not to not live in a rat race, thats an unproductive motivation. I want to be free. I wany to be able to appreciate other people and their talents and feats! Yes! And i want other people to do the same to me. And to not brag me ever. I want to appreci ate the world with savana eyes, a infinite savana with blue overcast skies, leafless and sparse trees,.dry grass and a cold fresh breeze... tears of relief in my face. Weightless. Alternating between a hysterical laughter and peaceful crying. I dont feel anything when I laugh. And I Feel online when I cry. When i smile and cry, Its a gift. And I want all of this when I appreciate someones art. When I appreciate someones theory. When I appreciate someones glory. I dont hate the rat race. It just does not suit me. I never. never got anything out of doing anymore of it than necessary. I hate fake people. I know it may be naive, but I refuse to lie. I rather die! Im tired of forcing myself to be lonely over my obcesssion with achievment. My obcession with not knowing why. The rat race gives me meaning. Thats it. Life does not have any other meaning than that. I could appreciate all I want... But I refuse to accept that outperforming is the goal. Its necessary. Sometimes. Like peeing and crying. And laughting. And appreciating. But I only want one of those as a way of life. And its not laughting or peeing. Life without a rat race is not the same. But its also more than that. I dont like it. But Its not gonna kill me. Life is a rat race and much, much more.

They asked me for infj golden pair and all that tubular astrofish stuff

The main character. They meet: infj says "uhmmm.... hi! You are... new around here right" unsure of themself. He is tall, about 6ix9ne with visible abs even though he is fully dressed from the waist up. He replies: "Hey, babe!.........LETS DO MAIN CHARACTER SHIT! TO THE MOON AND BACK!!! LETS DANCE LIKE MONKEYS AND GO TO THE LOCAL PITCH TO CHALLENGE OURASELVES AND CATCH THE LOSERS BODIES! REAL BODY FOR BODY SHIT RIGHT THERE!" she replies with: "YEAH! BET! THIS DAY WILL LEAVE A PERMANENT MARK ON MY EVERY CELL!!!!! But wait... you... dont have any socks... how are we gonna do this without your socks?" he replies: "Dont worry you idiotic brat!"  They are both in their 30s "My socks may be a precious asset to me. but I wont let that stop me! LETS DANCE LIKE MONKEEEEEEYYYYYYSSSSS!!!!!" "YEAH THAT WOULD BE SO TOTALLY COOL!!!!! LETS BANG HEADS AND RUN AROUND SCREECHING! and be... mischiveous... my love. What do you say? ARE YOU REAAAAAAAAADYYYYYYY?????!!!!!!" *Eleven by yowai the maid starts playing* as they dance they start excitetly and motivatedly banging and plowing and ejecting various fluids into each other and cursing and groaning really loudly, until they got exausted 3 hours later. They got married the next day



the most powerful knowledge is found at the limits of human confusion



Understanding... my ability to write about... my emotions. Calibrating the body, the mind and the soul. Reaching climax just to fall down to my death. A new semester awaits me. Pondering about new possibilities, connection, competition, ego, motivation. Aaahhhggghh its so frustrating. Motivation just to cope! Competition... I claim to live with too much of it. But when I finally find out how I measure up, not with words, but with genuine results, I may faulter a bit. But I feel... more connected to myself, to the world, to reality. And then there is motivation. I can make it stick. For every new self started adventure I have 3 more after. I am in class trying to pay attention. Trying to figure everything out, all at once, quickly, immediatly, intuitively. without... reasoning or taking a step back to think carefully. Without taking any tips. I need... to watch the slides before class. But they are just uploaded after... Shoulds, like mere whims, are not the actual wants, but hints that somethings very wrong or very right about ourselves and our lives. Its like when a car is smoking, because when a car is smoking the problem is rarely a lack of smoke. I need to fight these confusing shoulds, to figure shit out, to connect mind, body, soul and world. I need to not just build a road that leads me to my wants, but establish a tollbooth that monitors and allocated and manages. I need to stay calm and collected. But Im like a bull. A bull full of rage, agony, sadness, happyness and confort. The bridges I am planning on building between the spirit and the mind  and then from there to the body are gonna take sweat, blood and tears from everyone involved. I might just need... other people to do it. I need to stay nuanced and lukewarm. Tepid. Transparent. Fluid. Relaxed. Confident. But I am none of those things by nature. I am a mess. But I need to trust what I cant see, to reach my destiny. Why am I obcessed with taking control. Dont I know better? Dont I know that, no matter how focused I am, almost nothing I do will matter on its own? That I need to plan and be smart? And that I need to take my identity with a grain of salt? I just need an open heart, or even... multiple. To see other people, to experience frustration, sadness, true pride, narcissistic tendencies... Introspection, success, nuance, understanding, confusion, ignorance, lukewarm pneumatosis, main character fire. I am tired of trampling on nuance, but the ones that learn the best are the ones that understand that, in the end, humans are still monkeys and they can still totally make a mess. Aahhhhggghhh but its soo frustrating! But if I experience all of this with my friends still by my side, I can believe that everything will work out fine. I need to balance between working with my being and going against it. To connect and to go solo. I need, most of all, to face these confusing feelings with courage.



My database... I should make it better. The cars... I should make some kind of car simulator. Nah. The spec sheets... I should get rid of the idea of using tables with aspirations. Engines vary soo much... I should have a table with models and their prices and stuff, yes but I should make a table with aspirations and everything like that. The spec sheet table will have all the info I wanna know about a model: Fuel capacity, aspiration


Ok writting this cuz who cares lmao. Anyway without a further ado, without any further delay, I will... well... I really am scared of formal education am I not? Its different from the wild ways of motivation. I get put into a structure of rigidity and stability where I am forced to open my mind to proven and fascinating knowledge from people not even alive or relevant to me anymore. I get to connect and obcessively compete, although I should get back to being stubburn and motivated when I veer too much into straining myself with "putting on a pleasent show". But, also, should not ignore my social need to be connected within a group, although praised is not the same as connected. I fear if I dont put on a good show I might get dropped, but we are not in sparta. If we should be like sparta in modern times is a discussion for another time and for people that are not me. Politicians. I know I am not in sparta and will behave accordingly. By acknowledging that nowdays true concrete competition only exists in paper sheets and in sports and all other forms of it are just deluded and cloudy group think that nobody truly cares about. I dont care. I know dont care! anyway.... But... my issue is... when I get motivated to do something... I will drop................... EVERYTHING ELSE! EVERYTHING"  Eating? Bathroom? Fresh air? Water? Passion feeds me and keeps me clean and gives me nice words of encouragement! But... I know its just seduction! No... its good... I just fear missing out! If I dont act on my motivation, it will disappear! It will go away to never come back! Thats what I fear... It will never come back... Im nothing.. Im nothing without motivation. Im nothing! The nucleous acumbens is my sole god! Thats why I suck at connection. Im nothing more than a shark, a meat tube that just eats and gobbles until it either explodes, or dies from exaustion. I am impulsive. I am motivated. I know its just all just buffs and debuffs in a twisted, beautiful and weird rpg game, but I just feel sooo guilty.



i dont wanna be blamed for my stupidity. i dont want accountability for my actions when  Im stupid out of confusion. I wish It  was easier to detect confusion... so that I dont have to force this perfect act anymore, of someone who is aware of everything, of someone who is always careful and responsible and knowledgable. I wish... I had the courage to let up, to let go, to be vulnerable. I know now that, the reason I cant, is because I learned to exaggerate the danger of relatively small doses of vulnerability... because of bullying.
