Me in 4-6 setences:

I am a cute, self-centered, stubburn, distant, tsundere brat that enjoys making toys for fun.
I enjoy stress and working myself out of tighter and tighter situations (its addictive and fun. I skip studying on purpose alot)
I am very, very, very hyperfixated and obcessed about intelligence and being correct. (Right? Right?!)
I love figuring practical, tangible things out and hate guessing games (I believe they mock me behind my back)
I suffered bullying because I am autistic and cannot read vibes (or poetry) to save my pathetic life.
I am 22 M (I dont know about you haha!) and... I... standing at 170cm and weighting at between 50 bots to 70 tops kg, hailing from Lourinhã , Portugal... and equipped with sexy blue eyes,  love writing, programming, psychology, games and sports.

My life and games:

Escapism, fun, addiction, relaxing AND fulfillment (60,30, 50, 10, 40).
I became very isolated because of them. (My granddad was dead the next room, paramedics and everything and I was just chillin in my 'Magalhaes' Laptop (God those things were slow... but they sure rocked).
Bro... ok I also like doing creative S*** on them! Like... creating entire competitions where I roleplay as my classmates and match their tools and equipment to their personalities (May be cars, superpowers, etc.).
I was hyper addicted from 5th to 10th grade. (Spending up to [insert awake time] per day on them.).
They felt more like a family to me than my mother who honestly was done very dirty by life and my grandmother who could not understand me (and neither could I understand her! And still dont! We mostly just butted heads my entire life!)
I ROCK at racing games and I am very sweaty at them. I SUCK at fps' and just have fun modding them on my own or with stuff from other people.
You should really put a character limit I could go on all week!


What I want out of this:

I basically... just want to understand how I would behave while talking to you... see you Dr K reacts... how I react... I m just... ULTRA Curious (To the point I started resenting Dr K a bit... due to the repressed curiosity... started seeing him as a generic Harsh talker because I repressed my wish of wanting to talk to him for so long... I mean... I just sorta... wanna use him as a ramp to learn stuff and reach higher insights. Also... I think he is cool. And reeealllly inspired me in general. Like.... thinking critically, being mindfull, being pragmatic, etc.) About him!

Also... I wanna learn how to balance independence with conformity... Because... I tweak out when I try to conform and I give way too much importance to independence. I think if I was not educated, I would be a trouble maker street rat with no awareness of the civilized world! Thats why I wanna learn it.

