Beatriz
Type: (Somewhat sane) Human.
gender: To be determined.
Age: 14.
Education: Currently same year as Pedro in Highschool.
height: 167cm
weight: 60 kg.
Build: (btw im calling beatriz with she/her because thats what... she looks like) Built like the average 14 year old. average legs, chest, arms. head. torso. has smooth long hair, uses pearl earrings, has skin marked by blemishes, wears glasses. has brown eyes, dark brown hair, a small nose and very faintly red lips. has white skin.
Desc: Goes to church with her parents and prays everyday. Christian, submissive, greek godess, innocent, meek, inoccent, beautiful, pure, hearted cyberangel. Currently beautymaxxing and suffereing from Hikikomori condition. NAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! Thats what she may lead you to believe! She goes with her parents because she is 14 and still has the illusion, even with an IQ of 140, that she  needs them to survive, like the innocent kid she is.
She likes them because they make her life convenient. They also shower her with praise after achieving what feels like purely a chore when she gets perfect marks in all her tests. She is Pedro's right hand girl. With her gift for the chemical world, her intellect, rulebook researching prowess and passion for pharmacology, She noticed that Pedro was very keen on surpassing her in grades. But she saw him as an asset she could use to jumpstart her steroid business. she said: "Hey! You look mean! Dont be mean to me! hey! pedro! You see this? *teasingly shakes a small bag filled with a mysterious orange powder* it tastes like orange juice and gives you infinite stamina! Do you want it?" Pedro, flustered: "WHAT? YES! YES! YES! Give me! I HATE GETTING TIRED! IT MAKES ME FEEL SO USELESS! GIVE GIVE! PLEASE GIVE!" *tsk tsk tsk tsk, she vocalises as she waves her left index finger left and right, while holding the bag with two fingers from the other hand* Big boy. I am not 'Pequena' to you, am I? Pedro: "No...." Do you want to keep relying on and carrying 'pequeno's for the rest of your life?
Pedro: "NO!" Then be my lab rat and you wont need those useless people ever again! Pedro: "yes... for sure." beatriz: "I can also teach you meditation. I will keep your mind sharp if the material fails. You will witness as your body succumbs to mysterious symptoms to then rise above the mortal plane. That is... if you dare." Pedro: "Always. I must crush all the 'batatas cozidas' from the enemy. I must reign supreme." beatriz: "See how you are such a clever boy? You must do all that you can before your very own being starts self destructing! You will be an obedient rat, wont you?" Pedro: "Always." After taking that orange powder and waiting for 30 minutes for it to get to the blood, Pedro ran at 22 kph for 1 hour straight at the threadmill. His best was an average of 17." The next day, his body was in unbearable pain for the next 3 weeks.
And... she also has a.... uhhh.... pole... on her crotch. her T levels are so high for self experimentation she started manipulating her parents into not going to a doctor. She does not want them to know...
And What about PE locker rooms, you ask? Simple! She is such a good student she does not need to do PE to get a good grade overall So she just does not do it!



 what to do. But not now. All I see is the road, but I dont believe its real. The pebbles dont talk to me like they usually do. I cannot understand my partner. I cannot be excited about the Porsche that rolls by, although I loved cars since I was a kid. Its not a common car. Its a car I drove In my third home: my playstation 2. (I have 3 more homes: my actual house, the school classroom and my computer.) When I have those emotions, that are the only real ones, I can see the pebbles and dont need to stare to know they are there. I simply kick them around. I pass a big one to my girlfriend, who starts skillfully dribbling it and laughing... such grace... and the passes it back to me, who had already started running. I try to kick it. Dumb idea. It flies in an arc and hits... an opels bonnet. too close. i grab her hand and we run away giggling, resuming our walk after turning around a crossing and disappearing from the area. There is an entire planet of possibilities like this one inside each pebble. Right now, I am blind to all that beauty. But, although I feel stuck, emotions should not define me. I am not my emotions. Depressiveness does not change the fact that loving cars, writting, football and being hetero are part of who I am. I dont need anime, I need to walk on hot dry asphalt with pebbles I can actually scrape myself on.



I realized my true value when There was one bad day I had one of those thoughts like: "Oh man! I really am priviledged. I have no adversity and should end it. But It would be such a shame If I suddently disappeared. I am one of a kind... I really dont want myself to disappear. Not only for my sake. For the sake of the world."
