Narcissism. Myeloma viltrimites
Iq is good. Iq is sucess. Narcissists are bad. I am narcissistic. Why suddently so obcessed with this? Why do I become like this when I am not distracted? I cant take this, its too much... people called me smart. I have people I should talk to to make them happy. My mind is a storm. with lightning of negativity. I have an exam. I am looking for validation to cope. I am so angry. WHY CANT YOU JUST BE HAPPY ONCE AND BE DONE WITH IT????!!!!! IF I WAS GOOD, I WOULD NOT BE NARCISSISTIC RIGHT NOW!!!!! WHY????!!!!!!!! I HATE THIS SO MUTCH!!!!!!!! I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT why do people do stuff? Dont other people have issues too? I wanted to allways think critically and be creative in top form non stop forever. If i am not at my best, I just succumb to despair and innadequacy. Why cant I wear pijamas and actually feel their confort? I must ignore all the shoulds. All the pointless shoulds. What is something fun I can do? Identity is just an excuse for lazyness. But... I just cant see my value... But identity just matters when you think... too... much about it.

Whats fun? Writting? People In telegram... I 

so... I read something... and yes. I am narcissistic. Does that also mean that this permanent anger I have towards myself is unfixable for good? Is it gonna be an uphill battle of, not only fearing that the targeted traits be questioned, but also the actual narcissism, and then its all my fault, and its unfixable and makes me suffer, makes others suffer, I should get rid of it, but its hard, I was an idiot, the bullies were right, the... 2 to 3 bullies I actually had and that I struggle to accept are actually just 2 or 3 of them, the lack of empathy everyone hates me for and is too impatient to teach me because thats what I think because of narcissism and because it may even be true. I m even too much of a coward to end it all, and dont even know if its true, if its false, whether I think this because of narcissism or because its real, if it even matters... Is anyone gonna help me? With patience? Or are they gonna drop me because I am too demanding?