goals. Bored. Genuenly. Rut. Content mixed with a bit of stress. The back ground stress that all of us possess after a some point in our lives. Medical stuff. I am ignorant. Filippo Inzaghi is GOATED. He slots in. He scores. He is sneaky and crafty like a thief. He thinks fast and out of the box. Brilliant. Unique. Special. Induces in me an urge to find my special place. To find a niche no one else can grasp and where I can thrive. For some reason, I think girls with penises are very, very hot. The reason I cant articulate loser thoughts very well is because they are contentless. They are not even my shadow. Its just grumpyness. While you are able to actually prevent them from sinking in, just ignore them. Let em rip. Interacting with them in anyway makes lots of diminishing returns. But, at the same time, ocasionally I dont give a damn about self care. I just wanna let it rip AND actually put to practice. Stop taking my medications (I mean... I dont really know why I try so hard to see myself as a badass when out of risperidona. All that happens is it makes it harder to focus and overall just generally less effective... Its not that serious, ok lil dude? And then it also makes it harder to not have the clarity that you basically yap about craving 24/7. Come on! Just take the stupid pill, you attention whore! And it makes you feel worse, (and that rebound thing that you somehow convinced the medical student was happening (also, she was just purely analyzing the evidence that you gave her. She did not claim anything. Stop. Just stop ok?) is all made up, ok? Its actually easier to manage emotions when on risperidona because risperidona... literally,(I mean... not sooo literally but.... according to the expected effects stated in the patent Anyway) reajusts the actual chemical mixture in your body that gives you... loser thoughts! I mean... It literally gives you what you want! Anyway) Ester... I am sorry. I am a principled person and do not like to be artificial. "Ok you just said that and I already see where this is going. "Why does quality of life matter deep down?", "Loser thoughts can also be useful!" (Spoiler alert: no. No they cant.  According to YOUR VERY definition of Loser thoughts by the way. Aaarrgghhh... carried away), "Clarity is overrated!", "We are nothing in the end! So I can literally be anything I want so butt off!" *OMG just admit you want attention so we can move on please!*" Ester? "What?" You are talking to yourself. "Im not feeling very well today..." Why? "I am an exagerated portion of your psyche that you project onto inner dialogue, art, etc. for your introspection. I LIVE HERE B****!!! And if you feel bad, then the rest happens."