I learned that things like developing tolerance to working rationaly, designing stuff on paper and not relying on creative impulses requires work, effort, some help and time. I have an exam tomorrow but there is no way im gonna do well in it. I cant get to a point where I feel good about my preparations in one day. I need to worm out if there is an exam at the end of the semester for this subject if I want to get the required credits for the scholarship and its benefits. What happens if I dont get it? I will get less income, obviously and also less benefits. Also, my older brother is expecting me to get it with 100% certainty and thinks that having only 4 subjects per semester makes it easy enough for me to get it for sure. But I have really underdeveloped organizational skills, which I dont feel like is enough to justify my low output to my brother. And if that happens, he  already did alot for me and the rest of the family and he is really big on individualism, so his tolerance for things like that is very small. He is also very busu himself. So I feel like he would not support me.  And I feel like my world would fall appart without the scholarship. I could assure myself that I will get better at organizational skills like time management, ignoring mind traps like comparison and detaching from what I know with consistency and efficiency. But I fear I will just give up half way. Everytime I go on one of these runs where I suddently get lots of motivation to be organized, it allways falls apart somewhere along the way. I think it happens when it starts feeling "boring" or whatever. I also had meditation sessions with no help before, but its all over the place. I also used to meditate with a strict plan, but it fell appart, obviously. I dont know how to remind myself of my motivations propely and because meditation is not very consistent, I also get lazy about it. I also get lazy to go for runs, which tend to make me angry. I know personal reasons to why these things help me specifically, but I get this weird fear everytime I have to do them and facing that fear is hard. I feel like I dont have enough stability in my life, so I just wander around waiting for the next creative impulse to kick in, which is an opportunity to, not only be in the zone for some time, but also get validation out of it. I just want to get better at controlling myself, but I am also afraid of not making myself seem profitable for other peoples support. I know it sounds cruel, but thats what I think. I feel I have no parachute, I have the body of an anoretic and the world does not want me in the plane. Someone fucking help me please. I try to think of what to do right now... but I allways end up thinking far in the future in a destructive way. I also am afraid of going to a counselor because it will just delve into me humble bragging about my introspective writing and daydream about my programs. I am also easly distractible. I feel hopeless and as if, in the end, none of this that I want is even that special anyway. Everyone wants something like this, so feel like I have to be the one that wants something different  just to feel like my whinning is justified. It was drilled into my head that I am some kind of special space alien creature weird thing that does weird things, so Its only natural that I feel like I am special and everything will come to me and that I dont want mix myself with "them". I deny myself as a part of society, because it helps me reinforce my beliefs. Ok I think thats it. I feel disgusted at the narcissistic pride I feel when I write something deep, because that allows me to avoid doing something about it. so, the more I write, the more I wanna dissociate from my emotions, making the writting completly useless. I get split when people acknowledge my gifts. I dont know how to embrace them in a healthy way. I basically have the emotional maturity of a 10 year old. I introspect like that distant cousin that visits you once a year. I dont know how to stand still. And moments where I can see all of this are unfortunately rare. That makes it that much more frustrating. I dont know neither who I am, nor what to become and how. And my brother is just so intimidating! Because he seems to do all of this right! He works, he plays, he jokes, he plans... He does all of it well! I have all the right tools, but I am merely a reptile. Am I a failure? I know what will happen: I will be commited for like two months and then I will give up! And I wont even see it comming because I have such low self awareness! I pity myself. I pity myself over how weak I am. Of how basic the things I refuse to try and learn are. I am scared. I am stuck in an eternal nightmare and, somehow, still hopeful. I cant even feel sadness anymore. My emotions hung up on me. 


What narcissitic? what melancoly? Just this sensation I carry everywhere I go. It supresses me, It holds me back, it also teaches me how to be humble. Its the only thing about me I know is real. It makes me judge, it makes me trip and it makes me show off to loner weirdos. I want to standout, so that when I die, I carry people and their laughts and cheers with me. Its the only thing that will remain of me, whimsical supportive voices produced by shallow euphoria from people I met 5 seconds ago. As a moth, I chase the lights and serve as guiding light for other disgusting moths like me. When we die, we know our souls will just disappear, so we dont thing about futures or consequences. ever. I think its beautiful. And you wont take this from me. This is who I am and my core. I am Adriano and I am a freak, a narcissist and a showoff. I just dont know about the second. Feel friction whenever I say it. Its a trap. A trap I must avoid because I said it already and Ill say it again: I am good. I am strong. And I deserve support. I am not  a profit. I am not a monster. Neither is anyone else. I wont let anyone be treated like profits or monsters ever again. Or they will die lonely. Why should we do this to the simply mean? I sure know. I just dont know how to make it come out yet. One day I will figure out where the barrier of evil lies, so I can destroy it. Everyone should mix and interact, so we can disagree, and fight, and turn society into a chaotic, but balanced messy beauty. I refuse to believe that the narcissist beside me is inherently subhuman and that the capacity to understand others and themselves should just "come to them" as is "expected of them"! Thats not right! Its not how you become a nurturing presence!
I might as well finish right here because I still dont understand myself where I stand. I shall be a lion that destroys without prejudice! Everyone will die one day! I will too, when my next identity decides to come. 


I have a monster in my basement. It ate my soul 2 hours ago and is now holding me hostage. Send help before it finishes its meal

i m not capable of adversity or productivity. I deserve all the pain and consequences of unfurfilled rules. I do not have the courage to handle it. Then double the shame but.... no confidence to take it then... triple the disgust. But not enough humility to accept it. Then I shall be shock tortured by a defective nervous system, all my organs shall be erratically and brutally pressed and pulled from all angles, until my useless self becomes a mere bag of meat with a glorified god complex. Shunt me side to side until all my bones crack. Remind me of all that I cant have until the psychological torture drives me insane and turns me vegetative. All my fluids will come out from various exciting new places. Experiment on me.