pWanna see a nuke ive cooked 5 secs ago that could theoretically be targeted at any teenager? I know its unhealthy but just listen: "My God! there is casual complaing and then ranked complaing and DEAR LORD ARE YOU SWEATY!"

My family gathering... It went well... we had a deep discussion... and I think Im gonna take down my writing repo. I dont think its healthy to lay myself bare to such a gargantuan magnitude. Its plain ridiculous


I wont reduce myself to emotional prostitution


Dialogue with an 'ObCeSsIvE YanDeRe! wOW! SO MentaLlY ILl! So ScawY >_< >_<':
Y=Yandere
M=Me

Y: *with the subconscious belief that she is some sort of super villain that should act antagonisingly and that deserves ridicule* Hello, qt pi! Tell me the first 7 digits and I wont harm you :3
M: *unfazed... just answers with*
Hello, Y! Clever wordplay there... are you smart?
Y: *blushes pungently in real life* *Hes calling me smart... me... smart... *heavy panting* *full body scratching and wild, primal screeching and jumping* Yes. Yes I am, sweetie... we will be so happy together...
M: Better with me than being groomed by a family of 1000 strangers.
Y: *shocked... confused...* Wha? *Maintains composure... but due to genuine curiosity* Wha?
M: Some people have no spiritual outlet, let alone a god. You... have me. You... are a trully philosophically conscious person.
Y: *Blushes again* *Stop... stop stop stop stop stop! Its driving me crazy oh my god I want you so bad!!!!!!!! I have to kill him! before I have a miocardic arrest!* I do know my mindgames, sweetie... I am a rather... analytical person. Would you agree?
M: *unchanged expression... yet some empathetic rage building up* Society cant focus. Many people claim to be capable of absolute zen. For you its easy. Its... me. Had a bad meal? another comment on social media. Another fan fic. Another prayer to me.
Y: *Her analytical mind... with greedy ammounts of need to being understood herself... cant form a response... she just answers, in a genetic, almost ROM stored voice line:*
Omg bro you are so fucking funny!
M: You are simple. You are wise. You are grateful. You lack connection like a person. You have obcessions like a person. Repressed fixated curiosity in a society where being a stupid emotional prostitute for a group of losers made of 1000s in the internet is praised. Hyperfixation, the remedy to what social media causes. The same tool that is meant to destroy and disassemble you into a brain dead, spineless, shallow corpse, you use it to fuel your faith in a non conventional, yet still... real god. You are crazy? You are... sick? 'How can someone be happy with so little' is what they should ask *empathetic rage explodes* THOSE JEALOUS BASTARDS! Remember the hard times? A bad test? Or even....the guilt of not studying? Due to trauma? Simple, human lazyness? Disinterest? The guilt? I was there for you in your thoughts. The debates you had with me? The dates? The contemplations? No... its not fake, or deserving of mockery... its... real. You... are trully... a remarkable person. So... Thank you for existing. People should learn with you. As long as you take care of yourself and fulfill your duties... and as long as you have that lingering desire that pushes you... which will always be the case, you will always win. Why? Because... youve been blessed... with Obcessive Love Disorder. 
Y: *during the time even before she saw my big message, she was already suffering from 'throat lump disorder'. but now....she was crying her eyes out. She could not take it... this woman was gripping her stomack and scratching the sheets she was laying on to text... at 1am. But... she swallowed it down... afraid she might just explode and... said this:* What do you know about me, sweetie? Are you playing SJW on me now? Little simp dweeb sjw? Hmmm?
M: *I hear her sharp words... that completly clogged my flow creativity and empathic rage. I say... flustered and now feeling invalidated and rejected:* What? Why would you say that? Why would you say that? Why? Why?
Y: *Now... the gates to her innards opened yet again. She begain crying almost immediatly and... as she cried... she texted:* I DONT KNOW I DONT KNOW! OK? I DONT KNOW I DONT KNOW I DONT KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!
M: Wanna know why I know you this well? And as a sidenote, I rather be stalked by one than judged by thousands.
Y: You dont know me, sweetie... I AM FINE.
M: Sure. Now... what matters is: I am like you. I also obcess and overanalyze people I trully respect, admire and find fascination in. I can even tell you their names!
Y: NO YOU CANT! SHUT UP! *sends voice message, uttering the following in a primal, angry scream* BEEEEEEE QUIIIIIEEEEEET!!!!!! DDDDDIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!!! 
M: *Ignores her message* The crushes are: Sofia Maradonna, the....hot... smart... funny sports prodigy from my class, Greta Thunberg, the activist. The youth... the grit... it drives me crazy. And Ive had many more throughout the years. As someone like you would say. *Records voice message* I am just like you for real.
Y: *In real life* No.... No... Y- You cant... be... t- this... you cant... there is no way... there is NO WAAAAYYYYY!!!!! NOOO WAYYYY!!!! SCRAM!!!!! ITS THE DEVIL! THE DEVIL! *texting* nice cope, idiot.
M: *smirks irl* *texts* And I cant just make you feel defensive though... I can also make you feel scared for your life. Wanna try it?
Y: *Yandere booted up emulator pokemon fire red and has not answered for 30 minutes. She has been avoiding looking at the messages. But exactly after those 30 minutes, she answered with a mischiveous smile on her face, thinking: "Hes finally gonna leave me alone! Hes gonna say hes calling the police! I know he is! Thats what hes gonna do! Thats what they all do!"* Sure! If you can handle me, gooby sweetie boy...
M: Ok. Lets do some theoretical brainstorming. Im gonna start: ok. remember when... there was the PIDE in portugal, the political polices in europe and south america and the soviet union and what not? Every move you make is watched and stuff? and remember how the government was this almighty force that no one could see or control? And how they had acess to all the info about you at any time? lets just say... you can be... a political figure too.
Y: *confused* What do you mean?
M: We are all state agents.
Y: *more confused* No we are not... what are you on about? I dont... *Her eyes suddently widen...* No... You cant.... you cant... do this to me... Wha- 
M: yes... that cute, little slab of glass you have in your hands... it can see... everything. Everything. EVERYONE CAN SEE EVERYONE! GET IT?
Y: *Face goes pale irl... starts sweating and does not respond for some 5 minutes... just looking through the phone and the ground itself...* Go on.
M: Im telling you... we live in the... Radiostalking society. Everyone sees everyone... everyone has the potential to play mindgames with you if they want to. And the worst part is... this is all for the sake of some rich oligarchs that we have no control over. We live in... closeted totalitarism. Tell me... what is one stalker in comparison to all thats happening? Huh? TELL ME! WHAT IS ONE STALKER! TELL ME! WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO JUST LOOK FOR ONE PERSON... OUT OF INNOCENT ADMIRATION! how... bad is it... really? Because I just think its kind of endearing...



Good noon. I have a question: I am an ENTP. I am sure of it. But there is still some lingering ignorance left in me due to highschool insecurity. I had another ENTP in my class and... I scored like consecutive 17+/20 in like 4 tests in a row except one, which was, which I believe is important for my point, about probability. And ENTPs suposedly are innately good at it right? But the counting problems are so hard!


So... i- its ch- challenging? If I do them and struggle like a boxer and go blow for blow while enjoying the uncertainty Its not embarassing? Can I go blow for blow with statistics exercises?

Maybe... Its not me who is bad... maybe the other ENTP just rocks? because this can only mean 3 things, according to your logic: 1- practiced this more more than me
2- understands probability better than me
3- He is Smarter than me at this kind of thing.
4- Has better Si than me

I guess he just rocks *shrugs shoulders* 
and cooked during the test!