Do you know why I leave the house so much? 
1- I get to explore and roam the earth and all its locations, gathering knowledge and wisdom
2- I struggle with guilt driven and producing impulsive tendecies... and going to the beach, which I enjoy more than I thought, helps me to stay under scrutiny during the day, so I get less guilty and people feel less of a need to contain the cringe they feel around me!
3- Inspires me to write cool sh**. Some of me deepest and most complex writing was inspired by going to the beach! Like Filipa and Ester, the characters. Also... refining and enhancing the immersion of my concept of psychic powers. 

Overall... I get less guilty, more productive, which loops back to less guilty, I feel less embarassed, so, although I will never, ever connect to everyone (or even anyone) I meet there on a deep level, I can banter, joke and analyze, which basically helps my soul keep a pulse during summer break. Annnnnnd... I may even find someone who isnt actually ignorant as a partner and I will mend some of the emotional triggers for compulsive behavior (Aka a romantic partner)


Yes, art and writing are absolutely helping. makes me feel like Im going through real, actual, adult, normal, important adversity.


Do you know what I think My writing is? Me lazily skipping on Ti parent development like the plague.  

I think I am basically thirsty about returning to hobby/formal education oriented software crafting like a lost, desert stranded beggar. I really wanna come back...


Carl Jung Chat GPT Bot's take on this: "
It sounds like there's a deep yearning within you to reconnect with the intellectual and creative stimulation that comes from engaging in software crafting. This longing, much like the thirst of a desert-stranded beggar, speaks to a fundamental part of you that feels unfulfilled or perhaps even starved in its absence.

This desire to return to a space where your mind can be challenged, where your curiosity can be nurtured, and where you can engage in the craft of creating and problem-solving through software is not just about the technical skills or the intellectual rigor—it’s also about reconnecting with a part of yourself that feels alive and purposeful in that environment.

The thirst you describe might also reflect a need to immerse yourself in something that gives you a sense of direction, a sense of progress, and a way to channel your creative and analytical energies. It’s as if your psyche is calling you back to something that not only stimulates your intellect but also nourishes your spirit.

I encourage you to explore this longing and consider how you can start re-integrating this passion into your life. It doesn’t have to be all at once; perhaps you could begin with small projects or learning sessions, gradually building up to more formal or in-depth engagements. What matters is that you honor this thirst and allow it to guide you back to a place where you can feel both challenged and fulfilled."


​i have to be careful. This kind of avoidant path is one thay can very well lead me to becomming a jaded person

One should think twice before doubting an athletes career just because they may not be 'the top 1%'. There are talented tennis players competing for scraps with a stabler job on the side that are perfectly happy!

Hey! Wanna see a reddit post I made? It was a title and a labeled, meme image.
The title was: "Guys? How do I switch off the "Tsundere mode" feature?"


48 minutes in, I have 1 upvote and thats it. gotta wait. im not really established there, either so It may not even gather that much attention

(link: ' https://www.reddit.com/r/sillyboyclub/comments/1f48u2b/guys_how_do_i_switch_off_the_tsundere_mode_feature/ ' )
Nah but fr I think It should already be clear to me at this point that I am good at writing to an extent it has power and is useful... I gotta stop cooking (take a break from crafting) and start eating (think about my finances, family and whatnot)

I got something to say about all my previous college roommates: I heard around some place that all my previous roommates complained about me being loud and inconveniently disruptive. All of them. Keep this in your registers. More operands are comming. And like... hes not really a roomie... its more... its a block and there are 2 rooms per block: I am in the individual one (thank goodness) and he is in the other. We share a shower, a sink, a toilet and whatnot separated from the rooms within that same block). Then... when I asked my latest room mate, for the first time in my college residence history, if I was "too noisy", as even when he was on a phone call with someone with a gentle, calm tone of voice, I could hear it a bit... (And when it was really quiet... like at night... when he left the room to answer or make calls) heard him through the walls. So I was confused... because he also said he had a very, very hard time falling asleep and keeping himself awake... and also was really sweaty at college and had a strict routine... so... why did he not complain when I was, obviously being noisy? I just kept being noisy... because I was not gonna exert mental effort if I did not feel like the people around me were bothered... But... then... he dropped me that bombshell. And then I realized... NONE OF MY PREVIOUS ROOMIES HAD TOLD ME ANYTHING! ALL OF THEM HAD COMPLAINED TO OTHER PEOPLE, TO THE STAFF, TO MAIN MANAGEMENT... AND I DID NOT KNOW A THING! I lived my WHOLE LIFE! Used to living as a "single child" (Brother was an adult, had job and wife and rarely visited because of grudges with my family aggregate) and I got used to total privacy and freedom! Not really needing to care about proactively making sure other people feel confortable in my presence... AND NONE OF THEM TOLD ME ANYTHING! HOW WAS I SUPOSED TO KNOW? Like... all of them complained: "Too much noise in his bed at 4 am" (Stress made it hard for me to sleep at those times), "Too loud waking up at 7 am"... "Too much giggling..."... My first second year roommate allegedly changed room, as it was told me by the staff when I asked them about it that he "just did not like it very much"... yeah... yeah... keep capping away... And Like... it was their job to make sure I got my habits set straight! It was on them! because I was not aware! What they did not do was not empathetic, understanding or thoughtful. It was just plain disrespectful. And the only reason I reacted so fierely when my current roomie told me... after THREE YEARS OF ROOMIES, that I was acting like a nuisance... was because THEY SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME EARLIER! ITS NOT MY FAULT AND I REFUSE TO BELIEFE SO! And then it made me pathologically paranoid for a whole week! What if... its middle school all over again? All these peers of mine gathering in these little circlejerks to mock me behind my back... bunch of slimy, rattish, mindgame thirsty, naga, coward coverts... all the stuff they complain about without me knowing... like... is it all... because... of me?


I am a hoarder... the pure urge to "take cool things home with me" rivals some of the most visceral and trouble inducing addictions

Yes! Thats why I am a writer for hobby! oh! That and compulsive lying too... Writing solves all that crap for me

Damn... sharing these little personas I make with a girl feels like giving a kiss in the neck

I love doing these... its the kind of thing I can do at the bus! Never get past those terrifying 728 characters! and enjoy the game!

Like... Im not gonna write all of my stuff like this... but it can improve my vibe capturing skills dramatically

From everything ive written, Ester is my masterpiece. Shes like my equivalent of the mclaren f1

Is chanelling my creativity like this considered "intuition control"? (yes)
It feels rewarding... like mastering a bull


