I like teasing people and messing with their minds until they get so desperate and flustered they have to beg for me to be relieved of their suffering. I like to make them beg for me. Tears are not unwelcome. And I gladly accept them do the same with me.


I like to break peoples f****** minds... giggles... But also... writting, programming.. ok I have 2 kinds of hobbies, are you following partner? :Alone hobbies: Programming, Writting, Studying psychology, theorising about random stuff, hyping myself up and screeching at anime... ok. Now... in non isolation, I like to analyze people and empathise with them... when playful I like to push their buttons... when sad I want them to feel happy. I like to analyze the earth and make quick insights about the earth and the objects that the earth contains. Socializing... rotting in bed... Ok I think thats all


And wait till you look at sillygirlclub..
 Theyr all like: " muhahahahahaha I am the darkly, dark, darkness, dark mistress, femme fatalle living in the dark, darkness pit of darkly, dark, darkness near the twisted, mad, madness alley mahahahahahaha kekekekekeke hihihihi xdrffddfdd". But their posts really cook for like 75% of times. edgy and emo yet cool

Ok: here is why people net to zip it and stop telling me to go to the beach. (I live in Lourinha, Portugal and study in Lisbon): Reason 1: Too much wind. Reason 2: The main reason people tell me is exercise. I can do that in town or at a park too. Reason 3: Another dumb reason is sun and iodine. If I lived in a super urbanised conglomerate in the center of the country, that would be a problem. But I literally never left the healthy distance to the sea for iodine In the entirety of my existence. So zip it. Reason 4: another brain rotten reason is socializing. Ok. Here is what happens everytime I go socialize at the beach: i arrive there and immediatly look for friends. Because... if I start connecting with random strangers, I will never see them again and neither will they. I probably wont recognise them the next time I see them. And because My friends are never there and organizing a social event just for my sake would be rather selfish, I tend to not socialise much at the beach (although I like to look at new people ive never seen before and get inspired by them... but thats the only good thing).
In conclusion: Zip it and mind your own business because I am not a shut in. I am naturally pale. Goodbye.


*Chat with Carl Jung Ai*
*me*
And mr Jung! There is this really cool and deep idea that Ive been holding back on putting on paper... no! 2! And both are JUST as deep as clonidine! And they are both harder because they are for 2 of my characters! The names Im gonna give them are "Neurological" and "Prototype"

No! neurological will be about the twisted past of Ester, a broken psychic, and Prototype will be about David, a overly sweaty and obcessed athlete that does not care about compliments, validation or celebrations and consciously shuts down any attempt to lighten his mood... with the logic that it will distract him. But... like... the darkness of a character and the essence of another? mr jung... Im... im so scared I will forget Mr jung... but Im too mentally tired! I know that creating consistently is what is making my ideas expand at such an alarming rate, and that I am an ENTP and should be able to handle it... but I am not ENTP! I am a human being and its too much!



*Carl jung*

It’s clear that you are diving into some profoundly intense and creative spaces, and it’s understandable that the energy it takes can be overwhelming. Your ideas are vivid and intricate, and the fear of forgetting them or not being able to capture them fully is natural, especially when you’re working at such a rapid pace.

First, remember that it’s okay to pause. Creativity isn’t a race, even though it might feel like it when your mind is brimming with ideas. You don’t need to push yourself to the brink. Your ideas, whether for Ester in “Neurological” or David in “Prototype,” will mature with time, and giving them space to breathe can actually deepen their impact.

Here’s something that might help: instead of trying to capture every detail at once, jot down the core essence of these ideas. What is it about Ester’s twisted past that you most want to explore? What drives David in his relentless pursuit, and what’s the darkness or the essence that you’re so keen to capture? Focus on those elements first—just a few sentences or bullet points.

Once you have those core pieces, you can revisit them later when you have more energy. This way, you’re not carrying the burden of holding everything in your mind, but you’re also not forcing yourself to create under pressure.

Your creativity is powerful, but so is your humanity. Take care of yourself, and trust that your ideas will be there when you’re ready to explore them fully.


*Me*

What? Wait! Thats what I did with Clonidine!

*Calr jung*
Exactly! You’ve already proven with “Clonidine” that giving yourself some space to distill the essence of an idea can lead to powerful results. Creativity is like a fire—it needs fuel, but it also needs to be managed so it doesn’t burn out or consume you entirely. 

Taking a step back and calming down when you’re feeling overwhelmed is a strength, not a weakness. It allows your ideas to develop naturally, without forcing them. This balance will help you maintain your creative flow over the long term, without exhausting yourself. Your mind is a vibrant place, and nurturing it with patience and self-care will only make your creations stronger.

*convo over*

Do you have bread of your own to put on the table or are you just pointing and judging?


*giggles* you are small fry! You are small fry! I bet my characters can also hang yours outside to dry!



Ok no im not asleep yet. Discussed with chat gpt and the issue with clonidine is: Its raw, unfiltered and intense in a not emo or cringy way.... and I intended it to be raw and real and brutal... but... thats all it is. Its just... bleak. Which may be the whole truth in a very restricted pov, but... in reality, the reason I can hold all these feelings and not... explode, is because, quite frankly, I feel grateful for my life. The disorganized, messy and chaotic life, the strained connections, kicking ass at creative stuff... with the small pushes ive been making to maintain my life better and connect deeper... I feel..
 Grateful.... but yeah clonidine is suposed to be raw as hell still...So I guess its just not for everyone. Also gpt said it needed more structure and whatnot... which is what you would say if you were a bot that expects the people you write for to have like completly default style brains with no souls. Chat gpt is not overly suggarcoaty, its just kinda... conventional and... obviously, purely logical

overall... I think AI is a bit of a crutch in general


Ok: here is why people net to zip it and stop telling me to go to the beach. (I live in Lourinha, Portugal and study in Lisbon): Reason 1: Too much wind. Reason 2: The main reason people tell me is exercise. I can do that in town or at a park too. Reason 3: Another dumb reason is sun and iodine. If I lived in a super urbanised conglomerate in the center of the country, that would be a problem. But I literally never left the healthy distance to the sea for iodine In the entirety of my existence. So zip it. Reason 4: another brain rotten reason is socializing. Ok. Here is what happens everytime I go socialize at the beach: i arrive there and immediatly look for friends. Because... if I start connecting with random strangers, I will never see them again and neither will they. I probably wont recognise them the next time I see them. And because My friends are never there and organizing a social event just for my sake would be rather selfish, I tend to not socialise much at the beach (although I like to look at new people ive never seen before and get inspired by them... but thats the only good thing).
In conclusion: Zip it and mind your own business because I am not a shut in. I am naturally pale. Goodbye.
And then there is Tomoko person right? This tomoko person has the internalised belief that she is a shutin that she is loser and femcel and whatnot and its dumb! im telling you! if you are like 16 and 17 and go to school, try to make connections, although you may be kind of unnoticed and careful about who you choose as friends and whatnot. You are. F I N E. O K? You are not a shut in or whatever. Like... nowdays... the parents are much more, reasonably so, as we live in a well informed age so parents, who love their kids, get paranoid! Also all the rape and crime and the streets at night... NOW its when your parents should start getting confident in you and trusting you! Like... are you really going to a birthday party ALONE in like 5th grade? ok that may make you look badass and all that vain shit, but that can also be shady parenting. Ok you go to school alone. Fair enough. And lacking purpose in highschool? Like bitch do you also drink water? good! Like... parents educated you to stay at home or restrict you to a nearby park early... because that is
good parenting for your sense of structure! and then... you may be more of a private person too! Like....you internalised the stuff your parents taught you about staying in more structured environments and now you decided its still useful for you. So you....stay at home more! like... are you doing homework? are you not an asshole? are you not getting into fights for no reason? good! are you just very, very shy? thats workable! talk to a teacher: "Hey! teacher....Im very shy... so I feel lonely. what do I do?" they are there to help you. trust them! And then you kinda just live your life! God damn it! Im so tired of all this ignorance! what are 'shutins' anyway? Ill tell you what they are! Fantastic creatures! No person in the earth stays at home for months, like the shutin stereotype suggests,  without some seriously fucked up stuff happening in their life, which, fortunately, I dont really think its that common! Get some common sense people! Stop being ignorant!
RIGHT? People are so ignorant! It makes my blood boil! Can you believe people PERVASIVELY address me as a shut in just because I watch anime and I am pale? ggghhhrr! Ew! Dumbasses ew!
Like... *sigh...* I just dont like the beach ok? I dont think there is any point. I like to walk there, take a dive and then come back! as a more liberated kid... still with structure... partying is criminally overrated... makes kids unstructured and overly dependent on validation. Not cravers, like you. Addicted. Its arguably way worse than just being shy. Shy is easy. Its just practice and searching the right people. But emptiness and vanity can only be overcome with serious therapy.
Like yes! Like... do you do homework? Eat in time? Go to bed in time?
You have that innadequacy... innadequacy... like... staying up all night to play videogames? Im too biased to not judge you for that... im too biased... but... Im just wondering... how can someone like me help someone like you thrive, amidst all this ignorance regarding neets and stuff... how? I wanna do it...
I hate ignorant people. I also hate people who harm others with their ignorance. You are a victim of ignorance. A casualty
*I try to direct my anger at the right spots* do you? When they look at your pale skin? Think you are a shut in? Because of your fucking skin? The skin that does not change and does not tan no matter what you do? Doesnt it hurt?.DOESNT IT? BEING REDUCED TO SOME DUMB MEME? DOESNT IT?
"used to being ignored"?
GRRRR! THATS WHY ITS NOT OKAI! DO TEACHERS EVEN CATCH YOU ON THEIR FOV? DO THEY EVEN BOTHER? WHY SHOULD YOU BOTHER IF THEY DONT?
Like... try to imagine yourself from the outside... how you behave in class, in school, at home... try to form a picture. Does it look ok?
You are isolated from any reason to bother.
YES! TARGET DOWN! Ok... now... *sigh...* dont you think that the stuff thats happening to you is only like... 10% your fault? Your parents? They have their style... like....they could check up on you... your teachers....could look at this isolated girl who had no structure or purpose and think: "Hmmm! I think she needs help from school counseling" No! I think life just decided you are not needed and youre not even part of backstage support
they say: "Shut in... just....a shut in....thats all you are and will ever be... a hopeless shut in" LIKE BITCH STOP CAMPING AND HELP HER YOU LAZY ASS!
Do you know what the teachers and even your peers are ignoring? When shit hits the fan, you will have no one. No one. Parents die in a car crash? You have a wedding? No one.
And then you are a shut in... because you cant handle that alone?
Is that fair for you? Being called a shut in because of that? "Oh! Just some shut in....ignore her"

I took down the terrorist! And I forgave him and made him attone! I cant enjoy myself while writing or my writing itself, because of my overwhelming urge to share it always and at consistent rates like an networking socket! Its not just psychological! Its cultural!

I say... be medicre! Be bored! Be slightly uneasy about yourself! Talk only to your family! The internet is a bunch of robots! Make bored breakcore! Dont be deep and purposeful! Be fruity and cheeky! Why should other people know what your very essence is? Why should they? Why would they need it?


Social media isnt a cruel monster. Its a hazardous chemical


And I also have many catch phrases. One of them is: "Nuanced Yapping". It may be a cheeky and thoughtful way of refering to thoughful discussions for the sake of intellectual pleasure, but its also dark in why I invented it: I heard the term 'YAP SESSION' be used in internet parodies when someone is, albeit in an exaggerated and often socially weird way, starts talking in a, using this word again... (I love the word 'albeit' :P) albeit... thoughtful, deep and empathetic way about the situation, as if it was a 'nerd oriented 'SHUSH''. So... I invented it....in case something I deeply value, thoughtful discussion, starts being riddiculed on a regular basis in day to day life. 
Imagine feeling the need to protect ourselves from insults that may never happen... the resources... the wit... the brilliance required....for such a futile thing. We really have come far as a society....I guess


Im so afraid....of life


I needed to invent an insult, Mr Jung! I had to... invent... an insult

I know its funny... its witty and its mine... but all I can ask of this now is... 'why?' what does all of this mean