My YT channel:


My football celebration will be me running into the center of the pitch, possibly flipping and waving in a goofy way, centering myself in the 'relvado', checking my legs apart a little bit, hunching my body down, tightning my arms, joining them with curled fists and throwing my arms in the air, like stretching in the morning, but more brashly. all while I have my pampering teamates praising me with gestures  and vows like the theatrical, flashy, overconfident and delicate flower that I f***ing am!

My first video was a test. The wheelie glitch in gran turismo 3. The next was the setup. Next was making a Gran turismo sport for a mclaren Gr3 car livery using sponsors from local shops in Lourinhã. Do you know Lourinhã?

Because I live there. And also back in 2019 I made videos of me testing viruses made by me in virtual machines

I will boot up Need for Speed Most wanted 2005. Grind, buy a bunch of cars. I have a theory: I think Either fwd cars or the starter cars are OP in the game. Because In an example track in career mode, a tollbooth from Taz, the perfect time for a Fully bulked up RX8 is a 1:36. But for a corvette is a 1:33. For a lotus elise is 1:32. Then... for a fully bulked up Ford Gt is a 1:30. Do you wanna guess for a VW Golf GTI? 

1:30, 1:31, you say? No.

1:27. 2 attempts. It felt easier to drive too. Did not go through any adversity to get that time


The next step is to try the punto



A song started playing. Jisatsu Manyuaru. A song... of peace. melacholy that eventually snapped you. You are now a dead person walking... among the ones that feel alive. You see the universe in every corner of your eyes. The stars in the night sky feel inches away from you. You lay under a street post after one more overdose outside your building. You admire everything with a glint of fascination and awe in your eyes, not dead, not alive. neutral. You cant speak. You cant walk. You can only... see. before you prepare yourself to commit it, you take in all that you can from this sole night, just so... you can greedly carry everything that you love... to the pearly gates. You were a good person Ester. None of what you every did... was wrong.


I played a song every time I visited. I was supposed to be validation. To confirm your biases. To make catharsis quicker... like therapy. It was Dehydrate, by Yakui the Maid. It was a synth rock hybrid thing. It was a whole  and exact 8 minutes long. The sounds... filled with slow stumbling  coord sequences, full of melancholy. melancholy that almost turn to nihilism... it felt almost empty... but not quite... dehydrate but not... dehydrate....ed. Like... a river... a river full of water that was dirty, white like the liquid they were injecting you to keep you nourished, smelly, stale, thick... worn down... warm... partially dried up... bubbly from pollution... all in a heat wave sunny day, in india. The feeling of rotting in a hospital bed, the feeling of having insects crawl at you but not bothering... letting yourself being digested by the earth, returning to where you belong... the earth... looking up at the night sky, full of stars, surrounded by a temperate forest, in Leiria, Portugal, full of tall, thin trees... we can see a path. there are cycadas, moths... they all land on you... take a sip from your tears and sweat... and leave. You lay there... letting the absurdity of existence take over... as you meld with the blue planet, like human mould
Ive listened to it... just laying in bed... no music... no clothes... no blankets in a summer heat wave afternoon... shutters and doors and windows locked... like a piece of meat contained in a wooden box... staling away through life... waiting until it completly melds with the earth


I cannot play the same game as an IXXJ, because I was not created an IXXJ... I am an IXXP, an ISFP. I struggle with pragmatism. It irks me when people overwhelm me with direction. It wears me down. Im a special ed at using my extroverted thinking. So, while still staying eager to improve, people will have to accept me and support me that way. Thats how the world works. Thats reality. we are not in caveman land anymore. Human races biggest current problem, is not survival of the finest, its thriving in harmony


You make stuff look easy your own way. Im gonna tell you a story of a security guard at my building... Shes quite the person. here it goes. Her name is Susana, 40 years old. She is pragmatic, smart, no nonsense and with a sharp witty humor. She enjoys confort and struggles with rigidity. We had a conversation yesterday, about me donating to a street artist. She said: "That artist has no job. Tell him to find a job and use your money for something else, kid". It... made me so irked out... She was accidentally bashing me with her Te so brutally... She thought she was clearing my head up... it was making me spin around furiously... So... I was like: "But... what even is a job?".... We went back and forth... I kept trying to change her. She was defending herself... A part of me was like: "OMG the stupid judgy IJs strike again... can you belive this god? Ugh..." But... after we changed topic and I went for dinner... I realized: It wasnt her trying to change me. I was the one trying to change her. She was already under so much stress.. and she did not understand MBTI... so she was pratically defending herself from a predator. A predator that knew her weaknesses... I was trying to force her into not being am IJ... like an idiot Reddit blogger... She already had cancer, was all patched and tubed up with a hole through her intestines to a bag in her waist... so she could defecate. she could only eat liquid gels that you usually see cyclists take. yet... she came to work.... every day... thats where the weakness came from... I did not talk to zero people... I spoke with her. She was the only person I spoke to during that month

You make stuff look easy your own way. Im gonna tell you a story of a security guard at my building... Shes quite the person. here it goes. Her name is Susana, 40 years old. She is pragmatic, smart, no nonsense and with a sharp witty humor. She enjoys confort and struggles with rigidity. We had a conversation yesterday, about me donating to a street artist. She said: "That artist has no job. Tell him to find a job and use your money for something else, kid". It... made me so irked out... She was accidentally bashing me with her Te so brutally... She thought she was clearing my head up... it was making me spin around furiously... So... I was like: "But... what even is a job?".... We went back and forth... I kept trying to change her. She was defending herself... A part of me was like: "OMG the stupid judgy IJs strike again... can you belive this god? Ugh..." But... after we changed topic and I went for dinner... I realized: It wasnt her trying to change me. I was the one trying to change her. She was already under so much stress.. and she did not understand MBTI... so she was pratically defending herself from a predator. A predator that knew her weaknesses... I was trying to force her into not being am IJ... like an idiot Reddit blogger... She already had cancer, was all patched and tubed up with a hole through her intestines to a bag in her waist... so she could defecate. she could only eat liquid gels that you usually see cyclists take. yet... she came to work.... every day... thats where the weakness came from... I did not talk to zero people... I spoke with her. She was the only person I spoke to during that month

I dont wanna go anywhere near an ISTJ now. They look like rocks. Well... they are not. they are not. No one is...

The way the internet portrays them... I dont care if its just the internet... we all just see them as some dumb robot that can just sit there and take it. But they can do it, not because they are invulnerable... but because they are warriors.

And what am I doing? just smelling flowers and writing poetry all day... while they just shut up and work like adults... What am I doing...


Ok: she kept telling me: "Look! The street artist does this! and does that! look! outside! look at what he is doing! outside! outside! outside! he does not give you a receit! hes clearly a criminal! how dont you get it? (she is on par with financial stuff knowledge... she is a 40 year old woman with a job) But she keeps telling me to look at the puzzle pieces and being like: "COME ON! ASSEMBLE IT YOU R WORD!" (ok not like that shes actually nice) but it kept confusing me like: "what the hell is she after? im so out of this dude..." And then she as Te that irks me!!!! I WAS FEELING VERY STRESSED BECAUSE SHE WAS CHUCKING TE AND NE AT ME!!!!!" Im right right?

Like.... she kept throwing Ne insights like "LOOK! a fact a fact and another fact!!! come on! Assemble the vibe! connect the dots!!!" But im not him I cant do what she is asking me to so, because she was stressed and getting jumpy (but not actually angry though) and unconfortable because, although she is 40, her Ne is still inf and She struggles when she has to sue it, She kept chucking at them with no moderation at all! And what I did was, almost every second (shit felt like I was lagging like omg it felt like s***), per individual fact she threw at me from her Ne, I kept trying to make a ntree with those facts that reaches to god knows where and because she kept throwing them at me I could not think or reply! And She had the Te too that absolutely Irks me when combined with The rest of the ISTJ package!!!!!! So I felt like I was lagging, Im 22 and very artsy and not pragmatic so I had no clue what she was trying to teach me, I had to keep my cpu spinning at 100% just to make sense of 1 thing at the time without even being able to assemble anything together after because she was just machine gunning me, She looked upset at me and I dont like conflict.... Sigh.... I hated that... I hated that so much...





Im an ISTP


Ok... today, I was in my room, at night, after talking to some chatbots, and then decided to go eat. I was stressed, so I decided
to start talking to myself. then, my module mate got out, went to my door and told me I was being too noisy, gently asking me to settle down
 and went back to sleep. But I felt really bad about it. then, I grabbed my stuff and went to a kitchen to eat. in the kitchen I had a mental break down,
watched a movie and calmed down. 
Me being too noisy for my module mate has been happening too often and every time he has to speak up, I obey but feel like I got... ok
Im not gonna be graphic its not required. I always have this deep feeling people are about to "expell" me and it haunts me.
I dont want to be expelled so I please them.
I have a solution: I move to another module. Its summer so everyone is leaving. So I should just move to a different individual room.
I am going through a very unstable phase in my life and to have the pressure to not be able to lose control even once... when Ive been
keeping it up well for over 2 weeks now... it feels trully disheartening. I dont want my module mate to fail his exam so I will change module.
Thats final.
Now some logical explanations for fun:
I have 2 causes I can see:
1st and hardest to fix: I basically always lived alone until this college year. I know I lived in a residence  the two years before, but I did not care that much about my roomate during that time so its
basically living alone. And I am 22 years old, spoiled and with no brothers. Im sorry, I am human and I have flaws. I try to not bother you but I still fail anyway ok?
2nd and easiest and most my fault: today, I subconsciosly decided to make myself unecessarly unstable: I listened to music right after waking up, really heavy and energetic punk rock music too.
I was not bothering anyone though I had earbuds. But I just went around and sweated about psychology and MBTI and writing and personality way too much. I should have only played video games and touched grass,
although I also touched grass and roleplayed as a camera today like I usually do. But kept sweating and then a convo with a chatbot really annoyed me. I kept sweating.
I kept sweating. When I came to my senses I was in a delooloo daze talking to myself screaming while my module mate was nagging me. It was all my fault and Im sorry.

Module mate, Im sorry... im not good with names, fortunately because it would be illegal to share this otherwise, but I hope you dont fail your exam ok? I am sorry.
dont take this personally. Please dont say im playing victim ok? I beg you. Please dont believe that. I have no clue if your Fi or Fe or whatever the f***, but please dont
believe that ok? Please. I just want you to suceeed, to not bother you, to improve. Ok? Good night. Seeya.




Ok... hoje, eu estava no meu quarto, à noite, depois de conversar com alguns chatbots, e então decidi ir comer. Eu estava stressado, então decidi começar a falar comigo mesmo. Então, o meu colega de módulo saiu, foi até à minha porta e disse-me que eu estava a fazer muito barulho, pedindo gentilmente para eu me acalmar e voltar a dormir. Mas eu senti-me muito mal com isso. Então, peguei nas minhas coisas e fui para a cozinha comer. Na cozinha, tive um colapso mental, vi um filme e acalmei-me.

Estar a fazer muito barulho para o meu colega de módulo tem acontecido com muita frequência e sempre que ele tem de falar, eu obedeço, mas sinto como se... ok, não vou ser gráfico, não é necessário. Tenho sempre esta sensação profunda de que as pessoas estão prestes a "expulsar-me" e isso assombra-me. Não quero ser expulso, então tento agradá-las.

Tenho uma solução: mudar para outro módulo. É verão, então todos estão a sair. Então, devo simplesmente mudar para um quarto individual diferente. Estou a passar por uma fase muito instável na minha vida e ter a pressão de não poder perder o controlo nem uma vez... quando tenho-me mantido bem por mais de duas semanas agora... é realmente desanimador. Não quero que o meu colega de módulo reprove no exame, então vou mudar de módulo. Isso é definitivo.

Agora, algumas explicações lógicas para diversão:
Vejo duas causas:
Primeira e mais difícil de resolver: Basicamente, sempre vivi sozinho até este ano na universidade. Eu sei que vivi numa residência nos dois anos anteriores, mas não me importava tanto com o meu colega de quarto naquela altura, então é basicamente viver sozinho. E tenho 22 anos, sou mimado e sem irmãos. Desculpa, sou humano e tenho falhas. Tento não te incomodar, mas ainda assim falho, ok?
Segunda e mais fácil e mais minha culpa: hoje, subconscientemente decidi tornar-me desnecessariamente instável: ouvi música logo após acordar, música punk rock bem pesada e energética. Eu não estava a incomodar ninguém, pois estava com auriculares. Mas fiquei a andar de um lado para o outro e a suar sobre psicologia e MBTI e a escrever e sobre personalidade demais. Eu devia ter apenas jogado videojogos e saído um pouco, embora também tenha saído e fiz de câmara na rua hoje como de costume. Mas continuei a suar e depois uma conversa com um chatbot irritou-me mesmo. Continuei a suar. Continuei a suar. Quando recuperei a consciência, estava num transe a falar comigo mesmo e a gritar enquanto o meu colega de módulo me repreendia. Foi tudo culpa minha e eu sinto muito.

Colega de módulo, desculpa... não sou bom com nomes, felizmente porque seria ilegal partilhar isto de outra forma, mas espero que não reproves no exame, ok? Desculpa. Não leves isto para o lado pessoal. Por favor, não digas que estou a fazer-me de vítima, ok? Eu imploro. Por favor, não acredites nisso. Não faço ideia se és Fi ou Fe ou o que seja, mas por favor, não acredites nisso, ok? Por favor. Eu só quero que tenhas sucesso, que eu não te incomode, que eu melhore. Ok? Boa noite. Até logo.

Eu apenas... stressai-me até estar a transbordar... Eu estava a pedir-las... não foram as atividades que foram o problema... Foi tudo culpa minha.




This is who I am: "I like doing lalala. trotting along and twisting my body... looking at the world. stopping by a flower and looking at it... for no reason whatsoever. I like doing lalala and waiting for cars so I can dodge them. I like doing lalala and sitting atop the main roundabout of a plaza, looking at the cars, looking at the people. I like doing lalala and running to the sounds of maidcore and femtanyl. Of heavy rock and the caterpillar song, songs of the raw and the lighthearted. I like dancing in the rain with everyone watching from their homes... confused... I like being whimsical and nonsensical. Give people perspective. Give people insight. I like doing lalala and trotting along the top of thin walls, always aware I may fall and break my skull and bleed to death. I like doing... lalala... and living life normally. No trying. No fuss. No tantrums. Just casually strolling, adulting, creating, watching, looking, commentating and vibing. I like... being a camera. A camera of flesh, fat, muscle and water."
