I feel so utterly deprived of connection, challenge and attention that I sometimes, sincerely secretly ho- DREAD... that some random creepy, hobo looking man is gonna try to sell me drugs while I walk in the street late at night.

compliment for pro writer friend who got an interview: Professional nuanced Yapper turned word flurrying GOAT

Egos are like the hinges of the door to the unconscious. Damn this sounds smart... But I gotta stop trying so hard...

The ammount of, not only mental prowess, but also mental fortitude and guts that science, even theoretical, requires is criminally underrated. Its not just about "being a genius"! Metal gear Ac!d portrays this well...
Recall that research of some "ego" experiment in the second game...
Venus suffers from a fragmented ego?
SHE LIKES SNAKE! NOW I KNOW WHY VENUS LIKES SNAKE! SNAKE ALSO DOES NOT KNOW WHO THE HELL HE IS!!!!


What blue lock player am I? Not to brag... but... I kinda think... either Nico or... or... *sigh...* Isagi

But... Im too exploratory over reflective to be Nico... Nico is more pondered... too pondered to fit my shape... Im more exploratory and adapty in terms of what the shape of my essence is and what I mean is... in terms of cognitive style Im way closer to Isagi than Nico

Idk... it kinda feels like bragging... I feel kinda ashamed for saying this but... but... AT LEAST IN CONCEPT (im not saying in terms of success ok? Ok? understand? Ok...) In shape, Isagi is... literally me.

krush club:
Ok... the vibe is... im gonna ve short and lots of nuance will ve eviscerated... but its druggs, hookers, sex, narcissism, bright light oriented mentality, dark desires and impulses and a really fast mix of breakcore and techno.

Sorry... but people can imagine you naked. I know! How gross! Too bad... because they cant help being free willed. So I just did it... intentionally. Because the day it becomes possible to police thoughts is when I start making moves to stringpull society into nuclear war and winter. Consciousness shall forever remain... private.


One spider a day keeps the flies away.

I dont farm. I gather.

Reflection of the day:
I dont wanna be a Resilient, Composed, Wind shield, Strong, Adversity facing Cristiano Ronaldo Anymore...
I wanna be a cute, huggable, shy, flowery, delicate, weeping plushie...


I LOVE adversity adapting based learning... Logistics. Invalidation. Misunderstandings. So much confusion. Give. Me. More.


Im SOOO glad that there exist people out there that ACTUALLY understand MY personal dialect of GOATnese

Yes... I need more rivals... people who have both my strengths and my weaknesses that I can go blow for blow with


Innuendo about Japanese GP:
A fast, thrilling and throbbing riding experience on top of a curvy, pure japanese called suzuka