Texts part 2

Idk... that is too existential of a question. yet it can be answered quite easly: Its the culture of this subreddit. In a goth bar, you do goth things. In a lisbon bar, you pay 7 fucking euros for a ham and cheese toastie (they only care about rich tourists), and in school, you like learning. No, no one really minds the ocasional outlier, but these microcultures help us feel structured. Which means, you come here to look for a specific thing. Like any subreddit

I want you to... go to the gym and train. Start with abs and back. Thats the basis. Then, slowly add more legs and arms. I want you to, then, enroll in a local gymnastics team. They will have you try the "cambalhota", the "roda", the "pino". If you did the training for 6 or more months, and your initial bmi was normal, You can 100% do those. Pass with flying colours. Try the sailboat. Fail. Cry in front of them. Promisse them to train your ass off. Get alot better. Try to do the "salto em poleiro" over one students back. Knock em down. Feel embarassed and hopeless. Continue for 2 years, swallowing, quietly, all tears and joy, hiding it all from other people. Do everything no matter how humiliating. One day, get surprised to a call up to a local competition. That same moment, get recognized by your humility and dedication. Get average results. Be really proud. 10 years later, you are in the olympics. Your next challenge is the iron cross. You are focused. You put on the powder and then a great show. Retire acomplished and fulfilled. Become a mentor and High school gymnastics coach. Die in a car accident while carrying the students to a competition. Be remembered in your local town forever as a hero. Die proudly. Be yourself. Dont waste time on people you depend on you for all validation. You no longer need me anymore. Goodbye, champion.


We are bags of meat, water and electricity. Somehow, it all fit together. We put on a mask of power. But all that we ever achieved happens with opportunism, luck and creativity. Why do we control? No one knows. No one knows. We live in a pebble. If a slightly smaller pebble comes our way, we are powerless. If a driver chooses not to look forward, we immediatly become bloodied ragdolls, Skipping across the street. A bag of meat has no chance against an avalanche. The delicate strucures simply disappear if the sleeping giant we live on simply changes position. We are only different if we spend our every waking second paying attention. Fill your meat tubes and bags with earths precious oxygen. Enjoy it. Its your sole reason for living l. Just like me. Just like anyone you ever saw or met.



Pain is a given. Make it mean something. Never waste. We are not as wealthy as we think. Dont dwell. Always act. You cant hide from suffering. Because, everytime you think you are doing that, youre already wounded.

Tell me: people in this world have 2 things: an addiction and an adversity. My addiction is introspection. My adversity is acting. And you?

top 3 Portuguese fruit league:
1 Banana
2 Orange
3 Watermelon

I mean... Banana is just iconic. Quickly became a generational legend for every club level competition it played! Its like 70% of its performances are either dominating or simply excelent. Orange has been living in banans shadow for quite sometime. Its been second for the last few seasons, although it struggingly won some competitions when faced against Banana. But they are rare, and few and far in between, showing just how dominating banana Is. It may sound repetitive, but banana as a competitor and performer simply has no match. And water melon trails closely behind Orange. And this has always been a tough pill to swallow for orange fans, but their closest rival is actually directly below them. Yet its more enjoyable to watch Orange and Watermelon go blow for blow as anyone who faces banana gets demolished most of the time


There are even rumors about Banana flirting with genetics modifications. But these claims always seem to only come from rival fans and teams, like Orange and the infamous strawberries down in 6th. Watermelon only seems to care about overtaking Orange, so in my opinion orange should use Watermelon as an example and just focus on playing at its level. While thats happening, an investigation has been launched to look for the reasons for Bananaa performance gain, as it waa struggling to not get delegated just two seasons ago. But banana has denied any acusations ever since saying in one interview, i quote: "They just dont know Im the best. It happens in any sport. You suddently overtake them and they stop being so sweet. Its a cruel world. Yet now I am king of the jungle. I guess we are even"


Are you human? The Fruit League is very popular amongst humans! You know about it, dont you?


But a prodigy fresh out of the academy, apple, is close in 4th. They do everything to learn and are very humble. They will surely be a contender for third and even second very soon if they keep improving at this rate. What do you think?


Idk... I dont like specific body parts. I just care about how it all looks together, really. For example, with the right circunstances, fat people can be really charming and even sexy. I am an optimist and believe that to make yourself sexy, appearance is just a single coordinate of a huge vector, ya know? And then its about what vector is more paralel to your taste vector, which can change in itself



Because... There is one thing I cant quite accept: you may be the biggest optimist, main character like, naturally a leader, ultra inspiring warrior of hope that rebirths any person with a single word, or makes people laugh or thinks in a fascinating way... but if yoy only focus on that, and not attractiveness, attractiveness will become a huge bottle neck. Its not just the vector being paralel. People have some expectation on how long that vector should be, too. in conclusion, not essential, but way less creativity, effort and natural tendency for openess( which is way rarer than physical attractiveness anyway) for good sexy time is required. In a nutshell, not necessary, but very useful

Idk... I think my vector is: something paralel to: 40 attractiveness, 90 leadership, 78 percent personality colorfulness, 99 proactiveness and 80 empathy. Length of vector is about 60. But dont worry about meeting this specific things yourself. This is purely internal and is logically impossible for you to get anything insightful out of this


Thats why I ask "what are you doing", "favourite fruit", etc... idk I think people who "dont like small talk" have no idea what it takes to make a conversation pleasent and are just projecting their lack of social skills and their lack of understanding for the purpose of small talk


Yeah! When it happens, its excelent! But expecting it to happen everytime is just "caprichoso" as they say it in my country

Aspergers people on their way to behaving like the most normal and prototypical people youve ever seen. Absurdity. Welcome back to the pit of Absurdity. here, we explore nonsense. we question anything non axiomatic. We desperately look for answers, in an urgent situation. 
I can finally play games again. Its a shame its college time. after using the computer that was given to me so I can keep the scholarship I need for survival and defending it with tooth and nail, The very next day I gamed everyday. I played songs, modded games, installed games, destroyed my mobile data. Found a new very good source of music. An Indie guy called "ZØMB". His songs are frenetic. Allegedly a mix between house, breakcore, krushClub, etc. They sound like a sugar rush. Like Obcessive love. Like the euphoria from an addiction. The artist always draws an OC in the covers. Its a girl. And my goodness his drawings kick butt... I mean... and at least I think its a girl... right? She has a curvy, not very muscular body, narrow shoulder span, a round face, a somewhat thin neck... she wears net stockings, a dress... Its a girl, right? She has pear shaped hips... Oh! Im not done! Wait! She even has a somewhat hourglass shaped body and stuff! Oh! Oh! And... And... And Long eyelashes! She is even drawn with hearts as the floaty thingy inside her eyeballs! Either pink  or red! Its suposed to be a girl! Right? Im correct right? Girls look like that, right? I played trackmania nations with TMUnlimitter installed. Has some trouble but did it. I played alot of TrackManina with zomb songs in background for like 4 hours straight. I got all authors on white and most of green. But Its so hard! The game is so damn hard! It was like my brain was hit by a locomotive after... My brain was a barren wasteland after. So I decided to take a break. That day before I also went on a 1 hour rampage to download every single ZØMB song they every released. And also a offline batch script to convert MP3 to OGG so songs could be detected and used by the game. Thats how I did it. But... why does ZØMB not charge anything... his songs are so good... Im so confused. Anyway... two hours later, I was in the middle of another TM track and got bored. I felt my negative thoughts come back, so I reflexively bought the Full TrackMania United. 30 fucking euros. After downloading and installing that and Portal, using mobile data just so It was faster, I played portal, realized I just played that game in the past because of a youtuber I adored and did not even get along very well with puzzle games... But it was still kinda fun. When TMUnited was ready, I updated it and went rushing into... the non existend Island Envo Maps. I had watched alot of Island Track mania videos on youtube when I was 10 but did not have TMUnited at the time. Now I had. I had to give it a key. The key was in a file. I Then fetched it and upgraded. Played for 5 hours straight. I stopped at 5 in the morning. My god video games are a world of fun... You can create, you can think, you can express, you can live, you can compete... Its like they are made to be irresistibly addictive. They are, right?  My goodness and back at the pit of absurdity we are... I guess simply Being away from videogames for 4 years just made my heart fonder... I relapsed again... Sigh... I dont understand this world... why Is TMUnited 30 euros? why so mutch? no one cares anymore... Its been alive for 10 euros... and its just a premium version of another... why? And why is ZØMBs music free? Why did God allow me to snatch it so easly? His drawings, the music, the drawings combined with the music... The colors of the drawings, the themes... Its so relatable... why is he so noble and dedicated to his craft yet does not charge a penny just so repugnant consumers like me can enjoy it. Why is the world like this? Why is my brain like a victim of an F4 tornado? Why?



 Esperança e desespero são dois lados de uma moeda. Não se separam.

 "Mãe... então... agora, para ter coisas, preciso de me esforçar para e de acreditar que consigo uma oportunidade para ter uma hipotese para ter probabilidade de ter uma chance para obter ditas coisas? Onde está a claridade? A certeza? Tenho medo..." Não te preocupes, meu filho. Finalmente percebeste que o mundo é um filtro para oportunistas astutos e determinados. Nada é garantido. És oficialmente um adulto. Bem vindo ao outro lado

I dont know about others... I just like to believe I am special for understanding things like this... deep things and enveloping myself in a comfy blanket of hard earned clarity and nuance at 9pm... Its almost only thing I feel like I possess...my most prized quality... other qualities of mine are just toys existentially speaking. I must protect it.


No. Its part of me. But people just keep telling me that everyone already does this, everyone already does that... then what the hell do I do? Play dumb games? Enrol in a mid College? Has anything ever been mine?

Nah Im insecure. No... YES. YES I am insecure. I still dont know why. But I am insecure. And I have the right to be. I deserve to suffer. I deserve to throw fits and complain. Thats like lifting the dominant in the first step. I need validation. I enjoy validation. All people do. Its as natural as a pet who wants bellyrubs. As natural as the hungry scared cat in the rain. I will embrace it. Heal it. And then heal others


People look down on validation for its own sake. But its like looking down on food or water. You... just need it. 

Each real number is an individual but also represents the whole set. The individual and the collective are two sides of a coin. You are yourself and you are also everyone else. You are also everyone else. And you are you. Would you represent humanity in an alien conference?