No! Thats false! No! Not at all! Yes... 16p is Jungian Psychology! Jungian psychology is not a nuanced system for understanding and categorising types of individuals in terms of how they perceive and act upon the world! No! And you know something else? Carl Jung isnt even dead! All you have been hearing from him is a lie! He isnt dead! He was born in like 2006 or something like that, in Minessota, USA... and in 2014, on 4chan, he actually posted this really simple and fun clone of Jordan Petersons OCEAN, with different names and cutely stylized cartoons that represent your very soul! So relatable! Also... it was very widely adopted by overwhelmed corporations looking for a way to gain an edge... by looking to leverage subtle traits and nuances in the personalities of people... and then they turned to this simplified and sketchy tool created in a hot, summer vacation by a very inventive 8 year old, elementary school kid! My type is INTP btw... which stands for Introshutin, averse to commoN sense, roboT and Porco! Nah Im kidding... Im just cognitively introverted, which means I prever internal organization and stability before taking on the external world! No! Kidding again! Im just an insecure shutin in recovery because, in my teens, I felt (and fairly... still do) misunderstood and lonely!!!!!


Wanna see some IXTP advice? If you want to not be insecure, dont spend your life killing ants. To be happy, you have to bw willing to bracw your core, take and dish out. And... to agree... when ultimately defeated

Do you know two things that terrrify me?
First...the realization that I can be seen from like... the outside. Like... that people know that I exist, you know? Ever since I was born, people registered everything ive done... I mean... its a mix of mindblowing and... a bit anxiety inducing... but its more... anxiety than insecurity. Second one: my core MBTI Type is INTP. And its like... pretty rare. Like... 1%. There are 7billion people... so... 70million intps... like... its not that much! Its barely the size of like... thailabd I think
But... I feel like... Im going extinct you know? If I die... its really bad...
Why isnt it... 1/16 of each type?
I wish it was like... 5 or 6% INTPs... I mean I assumed it was 1... but five or six is still... not that much... I feel I can just count them you know?






Omg... people who mock personal development make me sooo angry! Goza-me la com essa merda, hã? Levas no fucinho!



E introvertidos e extrovertidos sociais n existem. o que existe são baterias sociais mais ou menos capazes e que drenam e/ou carregam mais ou menos rapido. E depois pessoas têm preferencias diferentes para hobbies


4 my friend Diana: "Olha desisto lol. Uma cena que percebo... PELO MENOS é que és XNFJ. Acabou."