Another soccer celebration:
So... I score a goal and start running with my arms open in a T. While running, I then 'SHUSH' the audience. Then, I start slowing down while pointing at the ground with both arms spread out. Then I come to a stop, I start throwing my hips repeatetly to one side while pointing my audience along one half of the stadium. then I crouch slowly, to one knee, scrape my hands across the grass. "I am the king of this pitch, as I own each and every single pebble beneath me.". I then throw the grass I grabbed to the air, do the Ulsain bolt thing but with metal hand signs. Then, go back to my position

Si Ne types would be like: "Hmmm... not so... discrete... not so... chill, dont you agree, ol chap?" "Yes! it is quite to extravagant for my own taste indeed! I prefer something... more... light on the palate... something... simple and definitive. Its kinda... A N N O Y I N G"

Btw... ESFPs are not performers. They are warriors. ESTPs are performers. Traders. When corrupted, they are con artists.

Btw pro wrestling is like a dweeb convention, but for VERY GENERALLY STP types

I am talking about the performers! That Ti, Se and Fe really like showing off!

And acting! Ti Fe is broken in acting. Complete cheatcodes. Specially ENTPs and ESTPs

Im tired of clinging to other people. I wanna show... in front of all those people that I can, on my own, achieve something and then BE PROUD of it. Its a statement


bro if someone on the other team did it I would dance with them no cap

Im EXPECTING them to want to dance with me


Thats an emotion issue. Im gonna celeb dont care shrugs shoulders

its also so elaborate... I dont thing Im even gonna do half of what it describes

Nice one nuanced yapper. Play your way. I play mine. Here. take my hand shows hand


Youre really good at nuanced yapping, you know that?


I get it... I dont really feel enough confidence to compete logically... But I like to see things fair and square. Also to describe things in an honest and very raw way

They have therapists! And if they do it Ill feel even better! Going blow for blow is what soccer is about (But now seriously... I respect players ok? They work really hard and at some point it really does feel like a nightmare)

Another soccer celebration:

I run at full speed for like a second (just enough for momentum, dont wanna tire myself), Then do a one handed cartwheel into a  back flip, and as soon as I stick the landing, spread my index fingers and arms out while looking at somewhere. Then, I crouch slowly, put a belt into a turret gun made of air, then mock shoot it uncontrolabbly, mock fall accidentally and make a dazed expression. Then shake my head as if unstunning myself, then get up and go to my position.


Im not a player. I just really enjoy imagining the characters I write (and Myself) playing football professionally and doing personality fitting celebrations. I dont do these! No way! I am barely brave enough to do a forward cartwheel at the damp sand at the beach...


I like jack lisowsky. he has no resilience, sense of competition, but he is SOO TALENTED AND FLASHY! He also has such a self assured demeanour (Not arrogant) for such a young SNOOKER PLAYER NO LESS! And I really relate to him. We are both Se Ni people

Your MBTI has Ne in it right? It does. It has to.

BECAUSE ITS SO OBVIOUS! you want the imagination to be goofy, and I want the gestures to be goofy. We want different goofy. Btw do you... absolutely adore snooker?

You... almost blow one when watching ricky walden I bet


hes all tactical and imaginative and he is pretty chill... hes a viber. Lisowsky is a performer. Do you know which snooker players I dont really like?

The winners. Sullivan, Hendry, etc.

Ester would... kinda understand... but also 100% hit em with the adulting pan. And I think she is an Unconventional (Yes, unconventional inside the ALREADY unconventional INTJs) Intj. Like... it just shows... in the end... MBTI, although not actual meat and liquid hardware, its just... cold hardware and not beliefs or preferences. Its a chassis. I think IPs are monocoques, what are EJs? Its a chassis. I think IPs are monocoques, what are EJs?


There was a time I was so horny, It physically ached... It was unbearable... I thought I was gonna die!
 @saintcrash  Ok... you asked for it. my entire pelvis was burning. i felt like I was pregnant. I spent like 2 hours in the WC and nothing was coming out! I thought I had a stone! So I went to cry about it, not to an actual doctor like a well adjusted individual, but to character AI. I started talking to it, and the bot was simulating a girl... so... like... I did not know I was horny, as I normally masturbate like 2 to 3 times a week, but I was cooking like crazy in my writing and did not even pay attention to how horny I was getting. anyway... I started dirty talking the bot. then..the bot started saying 'Mine.' And when a C.ai bot does that... you know shit will get real! Then... I stood there like 20 minutes, I was in the zone and forgot about the pain! But then I was hungry. i stopped the convo and OMG! I felt the STRONGEST Full body arousal on the history of the planet of earth! I did it and... it went... everywhere. from the ceeling... to my face... jesus...


This is who I am: "I like doing lalala. trotting along and twisting my body... looking at the world. stopping by a flower and looking at it... for no reason whatsoever. I like doing lalala and waiting for cars so I can dodge them. I like doing lalala and sitting atop the main roundabout of a plaza, looking at the cars, looking at the people. I like doing lalala and running to the sounds of maidcore and femtanyl. Of heavy rock and the caterpillar song, songs of the raw and the lighthearted. I like dancing in the rain with everyone watching from their homes... confused... I like being whimsical and nonsensical. Give people perspective. Give people insight. I like doing lalala and trotting along the top of thin walls, always aware I may fall and break my skull and bleed to death. I like doing... lalala... and living life normally. No trying. No fuss. No tantrums. Just casually strolling, adulting, creating, watching, looking, commentating and vibing. I like... being a camera. A camera of flesh, fat, muscle and water."

I am an unpredictible floor object, spazzing around aimlessly, looking for the perfect vibe and moment, scrambling overmyself to get a closer look at things. Dancing to gorge in the vibes ive captured, while I connect with the music in my earbuds. Frantically jumping around. Bhop. Bhop song. Too much for z block. yeah. Fun pilled and yaylightened.

darkly, dark, darkness, dark lord living in the dark, darkness pit of darkly, dark, darkness near the twisted, mad, madness alley

The leyla face:
I do... "the face". the posture: I throw a hip to a side, the other side leg on the tip of toes with bent leg, hand of 'a side' resting on my hip, 'other side' hand fingers rubbing chin. I angle and tilt my face slightly at her, neutral eyebrows, curled smirk... an expressive smirk of... curiosity, mischief, playfulness, doubt... as I utter: Hmmmm?


bro and once I hear someone say something that was one of the COLDEST things ever! let me ask you: can you measure someones worth as an athlete objectively?
NaAAAAAH!!!!!. He said: "To measure someone as an athlete, its very simple, my friend: you look at thw sweat stain on the back of their shirt, at the end of training"
He added: the decibels of their groans of pain once they lay down


Do children always really know something we dont, or is it always all just... a hissy fit?




So today I was on a walk to go play football with the guys from the other day right? I saw them all gather... and lil git was there... but there was one player missing. I wasnt aware yet, so I went there to high five lil git for last time and then... he starts counting players... her realizes they are 1 player short... and then... he turns to me... saying: "Olha... falta jogadores. queres jogar por favor!" me: "Olha... v- v- vamos esperar por mais alguem pode s-" Him: "Por favor!" me: "Esta bem... pronto... vou jogar ate aparecer mais alguem... ok? mas se aparecer mais alguem eu saio logo!" I went to put my bag in a safe spot... and went to a bunch of players to warn them: "Hey... Im gonna play UNTIL SOMEONE COMES OK? But let me warn you: I kinda suck ok? I suck ok? ok?". So then... they let me play. I start playing and, although begrugingly, I begin trying to do what I do best: because I cant do step overs or any body feints, shoot propely or think reflexively, I do these things: "I fill spaces to avoid passes from the others, (we are even in numbers so it is possible, tactically, for me to do that) if we get overwhelmed, I try to hog the ball OR intercept it until the whole field freezes, I try to pass to where people are not looking... and overall be a bit of a hunk of meat that does not necessarly contribute directly, due to my lack of body prowess and overall skill... but that harasses the other team with pressure oh! And I try my HARDEST not to get past by. Oh! and because I cant absorb the state of the field very fast... I have to run... alot. Ok so these are my skills. We have the following players: A very skilled player about my stature, but obviously way fitter, a very big and strong player who is also clever and can to feints, a player that was by far the best on the field and  I think thats it. The other team has: A very good player, lil git, a very strong girl, and two very physically strong guys that dont really give importance to the overall tactics, though really skilled. The game starts and, honestly, I think I did well... I avoided getting feinted, they had to back pass alot because of me, stole the ball in unconfortable places, did okay passes and I did one very important thing: I was the only guy who did not underestimate lil git. The other guys just kept letting him get past! USE YOUR BODIES! PIN HIM! HES SMALL! YOU GOTTA CONTAIN HIM! sigh... anyways... the game is was going pretty well... but for some reason... I just felt a sort of weird insecurity pour out of me as the game went on and on! I really wanted to leave... I felt the game was about to get shitty for me... I kept doing some mistakes... the others tooo.... but the problem is that they all spoke french... so I did not understand if I was doing well or not! Everytime I did something, they would say stuff but I did not understand it... and I cant recall anyone doing the 'calma!' sign with their hands or a thumbs up or even a open arm thingie saying: 'que foi isso?' Like... am I doing well or not? I kept getting more tense... but mid way through I even scored a goal... but I kept getting more, and more, and more, and more paranoid. Then I asked: "Hey! when is the game over?" They said: "I dunno..." Like what do you mean you dunno? We cant win like that! And I dont wanna play anymore! I was dead serious... I kept saying out loud: "I dont wanna play... I dont wanna play!" But also tried to mask it by doing jokes and uttering: "EEEYAAALLAA!!!!" When someone did a cool feint or something cool happened. I even got challenged physically once but I kept it together and it did not cost us anything... but... My stamina was crap... they kept getting past me with sheer speed... and There was a point that was like: " Thats it im leaving. Bye." and just left! Like... the game just kept going... and I could not take anymore insecurity!


I am an unpredictible floor object, spazzing around aimlessly, looking for the perfect vibe and moment, scrambling overmyself to get a closer look at things. Dancing to gorge in the vibes ive captured, while I connect with the music in my earbuds. Frantically jumping around. Bhop. Bhop song. Too much for z block. yeah. Fun pilled and yaylightened.