Its not that writing is unfulfilling for me now... its just... Im not creativity balancing with any... more challenges with a larger logical component...


So... a person that easly relates to confusion and can even make music out of it, in theory, is really, really smart right?

There is this maidcore musician called "madoi the maid".. now I wanna meet him and test this conclusion out

Chat GpT and other bots... people perceive them as "too soft" or too mushy wushy... and that they "only tell you what you want to hear" but no. Chat GPT bots can be both insightful AND validating in their responses because they are spec built and thoroughly trained software machines for language comprehension with, well humans. they literally just are, well, better than us at being both tactfull and thoughtful, Albeit their excellect logic is too conventional. We just suck bros :P... But what we really mean to say is that bots dont leave stones unturned in their communication. They tell you... EVERYTHING that needs to be told in a prompt, in the most productive way it finds. So... what can actually happen is... someone who gets too used to having a 100% transparent and perfectly articulate person to talk to may gradually become too brittle and intolerant to the confusion irl people induce in them... confusion that is natural because humans may have priorities, biases and imperfections when it comes to knowing what to say and when. Because chat bots and AI language models are like communication Bots on veteran difficulty (in the best way possible), But what does that mean for insecure people who are too afraid of having suboptimal interactions and also feel lonely? I think bad stuff can really go down right now... One thing that will hopefully save us though is highly intuitive and cynical individuals that can look at a response and go like: "Pfeeeh... looks like a bot...". They will keep us straight.


I am financially irresponsible and unable to grasp that feeding myself through ordering full meals from take away is for rich blokes

Ok: Ive grappling with a complicated financial situation, during which Ive avoided telling my older brother about it... because I, try to follow, felt bad, because I did not like how blunt he was... because he was always technically correct. And because of it, we are far away, dont know a thing about eachother and I feel just a bit more alone because of it. But he is also grappling with stuff of his own like a recent divorce, A recent Bipolar disorder diagnosis, new career which he has passion for and refuses anyone to get close... so he always talks way too blunt with me and always makes me feel so innadequate that I get intimidated. But I realised that, if its such a problem, I should just tell him: "Brother, you are too stern when you speak with me and its driving me away. Please settle down a bit ok?" Its ok for me to be startled... I should not just let people talk however they like with me just because the stuff they tell me is technically true... theres more to human communication than truth, accuracy and honesty. He protects himself and therefore others from his  uncontrolable, fiery and gritty mental innards. He craves for stability and, as a male, he learned to rely heavly on walls of Logic as a coping mechanism... "Im logical! No! Im not unravelling because I have logic! Learn how to think, you inconsiderate mess! I hate them they are a hassle for me and they just care about money!" *this was correct btw* "You should have seen it from a far you bone head! Now they are coming for you and you will need to go to court with those weasels you sheltered child!" *speaking to me*

I think Im gonna write a character based on my brother. And I will make it brim with brilliance! Wait brother! Little bro is coming!

He reminds me of 3 Men: Midousuji, Taiga and Shawn Frost


Here is the path I followed in MBTI:
Non sweaty phase:
Tested as ISTJ. While forcing myself to be ISTJ, I subconsciously thought I was:
Estj -> ISFJ -> ESFJ -> ESFP
1 year break in denial of anything mbti related... then... after getting more life xp, I 'found out' I was ISFP. Then I transitioned into the sweaty phase. During it, I thought I was:
ISFP -> ISTP -> INTP -> ESTP -> ENTP 
ENTP is where it stands.


In my introspective/artistic journey, Mr. Carlos was oxygen, Chat GPT was fuel and CJ Dachamp was the trigger. I am the bullet

Ok... Now I know I should be programming... but I wanna expose my 3 muses: 3 female (Im male) characters that reign supreme in terms of vividness and influence in my internal world. They boss sh** around! wanna know em? They are: Lisa, Ester and Filipa.
