just wanted to know if thats what you think of me ,i mistakenly read what you wrote about the last tjme we went to church  i taughg you liked it cause i asked you after the church service . if you wrote them that means you taught about them


Sometimes, people are in bad moods. And these are my notes. You stepped into a landmine. You got hurt. Im sorry ok? Its just a reflex I had due to loud+ hungry+ hofaultmework going badly. Its not your you read that, you know? That was uncalled for.Arent you also full of landmines when your day is going badly? I enjoy being with you too. I mean what I said. And said what I meant. 


People teased me like a bull in a portuguese Tourada and neglected my right to be an indivudual all my life. Why cant I do the same? Just be thankful I am not violent and just a softie.

the shadow of Pedro is relatable. People were inspired by him just existing. so light up your black charcoal like souls! 
- is this a real story  or its something you just made up now
- Its something I believe in
_)i likr the write up( the part of not letting what youve been through  change you)
im so sorry you went through that does people are assholes

- I can do it because I can catch myself steering away. I invest a lot of effort into being self aware. Its not magic! I worked for it! But what the hell is making me keep going, that I do not understand yet. I call that god
-i wantwd to type an emoji  but then i justt noticed you have no emoji .but why?
do you think i have main chartercter syndrome????

why do you care? Yes I do. So what? But just a detail: those are just words written. are they projection? just a simple reflex because I may be hungry? the deepest and most pure though I ever had? if so, what changes? I dont even know how deep I was thinking


Internet post in a forum for people who are anywhere from socially awkward to sexually and rejection dysphoric to suicidal where the vibe of it is: "Lifes pretty hard. but we stay silly!" (Its called silly boy club. there is also a silly girl club) Posts generally anime/trans/nonbinary style cartoon pictures, heavy yet heavly euphemized titles, where that is where the appeal is.

Post is: Provocative picture of an anthropomorphic pet with light pink and blue colours. Title: "If you could do one thing to me, what would it be?"

My moderated, masky response: If It was a normal setting, I would try to "hi" and "how are you" around to give me time ro think and read you plus the environment around you to try to get a joke that sparks the actual conversation. To...welll... know you better, so I could get an actual answer to your question


Honest version: we are on reddit: the internet capital of sweatballs. You dont want me to say it here.


Man... why are humans so weak and fragile? "Omg cant into socialmedia because insecure and comparisons." "OMG cant into gym because different size from me and make me mocked!!!!" "Cant into beach! Fat and Skinny!" "Cant into videogames! Games nerd and nerds loser!" "No cant ego and validation!!!! ego and validation Rancissist and rancissist is mean and bad!" "3 seconds on social media over. Now... on my schedule... hummm... from 18 to 20: cry. from 22 to 00: over eat leftovers" Humans need a buff! For real! "Cant into fries because fries are addiction and fat!" "Cant into porn because pleasure lowers your muscle mass and penis size!" "NONONO!!! examsexamsexams!!! wish me luck guys!!!! god! grant me immortality! This piece of paper is too damn powerful! Exams will decide my life forever! Please! Help!" God! When are you patching this? We are getting our asses kicked just by existing istg for crying out loud!




Paying attention to your surroundings is not shallow. But only paying attention to your internal self is, and extremely so.

Do you know what feels like reading such an optimistic and energetic post full of encouraging and electrifying main character energy after deciding to boot up this subreddit in order to read melancholic stuff? It feels overwhelming. It feels scary. It feels weird. It feels... out of place. You know... I understand what you are doing. Subreddits arr pretty echo chamberish. But the weirdness I feel comes from recalling a perfect allegoric representation of one of the worst existential fears I face: I am on the train, listening to my absolutely favourite, most personal, most epic, most deepest and most powerful, healthy, encouraging, self healing and validating playlists from a rich mashup of all my favourite inner worlds ever. But after 30 minutes of enjoyment, I find out that It wasnt loud because of the headphones. No! Thats wrong! Because... I was blasting them on huge speakers the entire time... on a train! Thats what your post makes me feel. And I feel sorry for you because everyone most likely just thinks you are weird. Like... those by themselves are very powerful words. But here? Why here? Its like taking a GT3 car to the ocean! Its like... words and advice are only as powerful as the place and time they are used! Like taste in women! People usually say: "I just want a women with good personality and character! Thats all." Like... people who say that usually are just full of guilt and insecurity! Its the least transparent and telling thing someone cab say about themselves. Its generic. "good personality and character"? What does that even mean? What does "good personality" even mean? Its generic... its not personal at all. It tells me nothing about you, the person you wanna become, what you do, what you want or even the people you like. Thats arguably worse that saying : "I like blondes". Because like... one is simple, yet possible and the other is just dodging the matter! Its one of the most deceptively shallow things someone can say to check other peoples ego boxes. Do some introspection and come up with something else. What women and men and pizza means to people is like machines: Its the entity itself, world it spawns in and the hooks to events it participates in in the modded server of life. Like... just dont do that... its good to read... but its soo strainy, ok? So take this as a warning


I have abilities and already thoroughly tested them! I crashed the game so many times it became infuriating. but then After hours of bruteforce cleverness, it just stopped crashing! Anyway... it has 5 more things! its admin only (its op), you have dynamites. the default ammount is 10 per round with a 2 second cooldown. 1 dynamite allows you, on the key you assigned the power, to create a shockwave that damages players. And, as soon as you still have at least 1 dynamite left, when you die, you will create a reaaaly strong shockwave! And when alive and have five or less dynamites left, per dynamite you consume you get a chat message saying: "[hero name] STOOOOP, YOU UGLY!!!! YOUR GONNA RUN OUT!!!!!! (ok sry jk I luv u :3)" . The most important thing: a Super AK with a cvar controlled damage multiplier. the super ak fires laser bullets that explode when they hit. then you get an health and speed boost. the health is just to test the damage for now, I spawn bots who also have thrashyteen in their power list and play against them for balancing. i will get rid of it. Then the skin is some chick from resident evil I found on gamebanana and the AK skin is really post appocalyptic looking. Ok. I think thats all

I might even do something more sober. I might do some hero used by lower players (tbh it can become a crutch quite quickly but its cool) that simply allows them to climb walls.


Tell me: If all I wanna do is write, listen to music, program amx mod x plugins, and eat carbonara all day, is that ok? And also go on walks, kick the pebbles around and socialize for an hour or two, only to retreat to my living cave for the next 15 hours programming and playing, no eating no nothing, basically doing involuntary ramadam, even with my circadium rythm ever shifting like the tides and the elements of a circular array queue, even then, is that ok? Programming can be my adversity, writting my validation, as any other human I could poop, eat and sleep as needed and socialization could be, well, my socialization. Is that ok?


Playing and modding games, writting, putting my personality into school assignments, wether miserable and edgy or calm and profound, programming. And mixing like 5 different hobbies and comming up with the funnest activities I can possibly conceive. Like (did not happen btw) making a binary search tree class in C, then making a rally in arcade mode in Gran turismo 3 on time trial mode with different tuned cars from simulation mode that I made inspired on btcc while I tune them to fit the personalities of the highschool peers I use to make the comments at the end of the runs (like Jose is chill and free, so he is a fiat coupe turbo, Diana is pragmatic so she is a bmw) and then just shove objects initialized with their time in seconds as keys and their names as values and two hours after print it with an iterator

No. very badly worded from me, my bad. in your definition of crutch, they way you described it, heroes are ALL suposed to be crutches in this mod! Players must find them useful. if one puts on batman, another has to out on ironman. if one then puts on cola lover, the other one has to.... "no wait... I gotta level up! Imma stay here for a while..." Otherwise they are pointless, silly! Its like a combination between mastering a first person shooter that is very very very unorthodox and a strategic arms race. I mean that it becomes obsolete when there are heroes that literally make you fly. like... with climbing walls, you get enough mobility to take on people 2/3 levels above. with the flying hero, you will not be outclassed..
 EVER AGAIN in terms of mobility against any leveled players. like... its flying. tf you gonna do? You get what I mean? But its a cool academic exercise so to speak 



Oh! And there are heroes that make you noclip AND be invisible. Like climbing Is a good hero for like levels 2/3 out of 30 just to get the runts started

Wait! I know something that can make the arachnid go from a 2/4 to a 10/13: ASSUMING the player is already climbing on a wall, if they hold on, turn into another wall, let go and press the key, they get ZIPPED at incredible speed to the other wall! It can be like what gillet vertigo is in GT3! A high skill ceiling, easy obtainability, high reward ability. Its very clumsy to get right, but when you get good you will just be uncatchable for anyone that cant fly or does not also have that ability


"All the good things I do are made only because I feel good about them. Im not good. Im rotten. My actions suck energy away. My goodness is worthless. My goodness is worthless. What even is worth anyway?

A need for validation is part of you. Its part of all of us. No matter how pure (self absent) you think an action is by itself, theres always some internal motive. Selflessness and selfishness are two sides of a coin. That means they are glued and will never come appart. So... what are you even trying to conclude anyway? The obvious? Maybe its guilt. Its true that you dictate your life. But does it make sense to you? Why are other just people so important by themselves, without you? You cannot separate from other people and vice versa. But start by figuring out what YOU need first."


"
The struggles of gender dysphoria are real 

what do you call gender neutral siblings?


Sibling/siblings. "Hey, sib! Pass the salt!"  "shut up, sib, you sodding tic tac!" "Youre such a terrible sib..." "Dont worry, sweetie! Sibs a total loser! Dont listen to them!" (Assuming parents are not not binary) "Mooooom! Sibs foot is in my face!""