 Jumping. Leonor? "Yes sweetie?" The excitement consumes me. "Why? do tigers scare you?" I dont know. I cant stand it. My motivation grips me. I know.... I know that I should only "Sleep on the grave" and to "Not stop on your way to your dreams" And that I "Am built for creative expression" but I want to start practising self regulation more. I get too excited to then go on a tear of countless consecutive hours obcessing over my motivations and muh purpose and muh meaning and lets go and get there and stay on it until the very end but... I dont know why I am doing this anymore... my motivations are no longer liberating. They are a prision. Following my motivations rigorously is regressing me to a state of self neglect, a state where all my thoughts are possible actions. Motivation. I dont need motivation. I need... connection. To feel grounded. To feel at ease with myself. To start over again. Grow myself new skin. Get a house in devon. Drink sider from a lemon. I dont even need to feel at ease. I need to... be, without being immune, whole even when shaken by all emotions. This hyperactivity is my weakness. This seeking of catharsis is a very good spending of my time. But I need more... variety... in my soul searching. "Get a girlfriend." What? "Get a girlfriend." Whats the point in that? "You need to stop obcessively staring at your own belly button so much. Its kinda tiring to be beside you for that reason. A girlfriend will exercise your capacity for caring about something other than yourself for onc-" So I get a girlfriend and THEN start caring? Nah thats not selfish at all... I need... maybe breaking out of my mask. Maybe genuine validation that does not involve my obcessive projects. Maybe to kill my ego and become a firefighter or something. A veterinarian. A volunteer in a homeless shelter. When I am helping disabled people... This indescribable happyness. I am not solving the biggest problem or climbing the biggest mountain. But I feel... alive. Happyness just feels like... a dead end, right now. Its not what my entrails want. They want *OUTSIDE! OUTSIDE! OUTSIDE!* They want *STOP STARING AND GO PLAY!* They want *YOUR PEERS LIKE YOU ENOUGH TO ENJOY YOUR COMPANY AND DONT HATE YOU ENOUGH TO EXCLUDE! THEY WANT YOU! THEY FEEL REJECTED BY YOU!*  Rejection is a heinously feared experience in human life. Yet, its just one more. Polyneuropathy sounds. I want to join F.E.M.N.S.S. (Far Eastern Magic Napping Society of Summer) Polyneuropathy from all the life. From the rush I get from slithering through dimensions, dodging stars. Dribbling defenders. Taking turns at high speed. Running after my crush in P.E. and feeding off embarassment. I feel empty. So this is the end of it for today. 




I am a polyneuropath. I feel in pain, yet numb. alive yet dead. Happy yet depressed. shaking. going velocity first into the air that I suck into a well crafted meat radiator. My muscles pull like strings my fragile mineral bones. My whole being pulsates. I run, I run and I run. My body dances a lonely dance with itself orchestrating its millions of functions with unforgiving flawlessness. (on a side note, as a studying software engineer, I am grateful at the number of times our system can just mess up one. one sigular mitosis and then does not. Evolution may not strictly select the best, but when it does, no one can stop it. Those posix threads scare me! I should not be so afraid of getting bugs. It should be a part of the fun). I love this word so much. First I was confused. Then I realised it was in the title of a collection of songs about a drug addict and decided to do biased research to see how much I could use it to enjoy the music more. Then it became emo. then it became goth. Then... I found my own meaning for it. Polyneuropathy can be the pulsating pain one feels when going through life at blistering speed living though every bump in the tarmac, every slope, every turn in this winding forest road. hitting top speed, feeling your muscles and mind and emotions ache, breaking, taking a step back, evaluating where, what, how and why. Then full gassing it right after. This music of surreal sounds plays inside me. It makes every cell in my body have an orgasm and my entrails hum it daily. I dont feel overwhelmed, nor underwhelmed. I just... feel.






Embarrassed. my consciousness is telling me: "You are not ready yet! You will fail" So I stay still. 'You are too narcissistic, too selfish, too vile, too arrogant. You look down on the uneducated and the unskilled. You enjoy rejoicing in ignorant acts of superority. I am not shy. I just fear for their well being. I am too destructive, too parasitic, too draining. I will mock them in my thoughts as they open their tcp ports to me. I wait until its almost their timeout then call "accept". The connection starts. I send them a file. It says: "200 ok help me" as a reply to "GET /property/generosity". Socializing is complicated. I am a hacker. I will kill them. I will destroy them. They deserve much better and, at the same time, they miss me. Its all true. Or... am I just depressed. No one really.... ignores me. Am I manipulating so well not even I notice it? AM I THE ASSHOLE???!!!! I SHOULD ASK REDDIT!!!!! NO EVEN BETTER: I WILL LOOK FOR A STORY somewhat kinda close enough to similarish to the general interpretation I have of myself while I feel lonely and only focus on hate personal offense comments! Yes! Play games with yourself! Play intuitive idiotic mushy fluffy black mold games! Yes dont be direct! Yes be a coward! plant seeds of paranoia within. Forget about the directness of the innocence of a child! be an adult! an idiotic adult that relies on fluffy and complicated rules! Social rituals and gimmicks! I am ready. I just need to be brave. Honestly, who cares if its all true? To realise my own bad smell for real is not even that bad! The thing is.... only the ignorants prefer to talk all day everyday while the brave carry this world on their backs! And its nowhere near as bad, as scary, as intimidating. Because having fatal flaus is just... more of life. You learn and you move on.



Im tired of watching toradora and tired of working on my programs and tired of feeling like a loser. "a loser huh? thats sounds like something useful to say... specially when you have such dysphoria around your body. You need to restart. Take the rest of the night for technology, ok? I am worried... You just keep dancing on a tight rope. You dont seem to care about maintaining a healthy mental state. You crave excitment at very expensive losses of stability." I know. I feel something blocking. Is having fun... childish? No... right? I feel like being more serious would make me more balanced. But I just cant bring myself to care... like... Im scared. Being serious for me would also mean belonging to a world where people outperforming you matters. I just dont measure up, never! I never measured up in my life... I feel like I am currently missing something important for me. I need to understand this... uneasyness, this refluxive feeling in my entrails. Was it... because the server is done and... it... does... not really matter? Is it because... my current best friend is a past crush? There is all this social crap that I dont understand and... Im afraid I am making a fool of myself every step of the way. I want to respect the rules but... I am so clumsy. The boundaries are... blurry. Everything is not clear. Nothing is clear in my head. I am confused because I stopped enjoying watching Toradora and I dont know why. Is it because... I felt like episode 13 was trully the last one? And I just kept dragging myself into it? This main character shit stuff is not in me anymore. And this time I dont wanna cling. I wanna change without complaining. I give too much importance to killing the beast. But I should be mastering it. I should be mastering myself. If a part of me disappears, I go with it. Thats why I feel like I change so often. I have to stick to a gameplan. During the day I am wiser. But during the night I am more real. I should enjoy the morning and pay attention in the night. I cant figure this out now. Ester? Are you there? "Yes? Grappling with confusion? Running away?" Yes. Yes I am. I am running away from a brick wall that wont budge from my worthless punches. I need a hammer. I think time and experience will give me the hammer for this issue. Continuing to punch will just hurt my hands. "Well said. What are you still up doing?" Basically... I have blemishes and I use this benzac white paste to treat it and it takes ages to get absorbed by the skin. "Fair enough. So... you will talk to me? Why do you not avoid me?" I dont believe as you may think that you are a myeloma, a pest or a sociopathic, shallow individual. You are human. And you exist. Thats all I know. "Adriano... Wow... Thats actually not an unhelpful thing to say..." And stop bugging Filipa. You are not acting in a healthy way. And I think, putting aside the brain damage and all of that, that you will find immense joy in untangling that beautiful mind of yours. "Adr-" I know. I am just being polite. But I am saying this because... You work harder than anyone on this earth. So much... I cant even think of any way of thanking you. You may still be wandering through dimensions to find your place, but believe me: You will allways be welcome where I live "Except when Filipa is there" She also misses you. She is clinging to you for dear life. She is not perfect as you like to think. She struggles alot in the existential realm. She is a philosophical wreck. She cant work with boring things. She will eventually fly too close to the sun and will melt. She thinks with her gut... too much. She is very, very, very motivated. But... for what? She has no idea. And the silence is her kryptonite. But it isnt for you. You need to put her out, before she burns herself into a crisp. "How... do you know... what she is-" I am her friend. I hang around with her everyday. And tell me: Are you... a lesbian? "Bi, actually." Sorry for asking all this. Btw do you have work? Im wasting your time, am I not? "Yes. I do have work. But you are not wasting my time. It has been a long time comming for me to start talking about this stuff... And Isa. did she suffer alot when she went...out? Not that I care I mean she was n-" Yes. If you had dropped her off a building on the exact second after she died, her blood would almost slightly wet her back. If you had cut off one of her limbs, she would notice it days later. She was in constant agony for the whole last day. "Jesus... that girl... Why do ALL OF THEM KEEP ABANDONING ME GRRRR!!!! I miss that pest so much... I struggle with not falling into any vices... And you tell me this..." Thats not a problem for you, is it? If there is someone who makes their own mind their servant with ease its you. "Change, Adriano. Change. Dont look back. Refresh the page. Reboot. You know? I never knew... you just dont talk with people that much... Isa loved you. And what do you do when people want you the most? run away. because you failed once that one time. because you got this fatal flaw that will totally ruin everything. because through out your life you did this and you were a loser and whatever. People want you by their side, Adriano! Those are excuses. People call you a coward but, although it may be true, its out of resentment. please come back! because you can carry moutains without complaining. because you give it your all. because you let go of all the useless stuff in the nick of time. we need you, valliant charger! just... please... dont break a horn."



