Insults:

Myeloma for blood

Ball of smudge

Guilt matrix dweller

Light sensors for brains

perfect face for radio (thanks beyblade)

Hey! Life is for single use only! Dont contaminate it with nonsense!


Nice echo chamber you got there, you myelomas made of tap water


"you myeloma made of tap water"" is an upgrade to "you are such a wet blanket!"

do you know the shoddy tap water that you drink in the summer at about 11:37 am during 6th grade from the boys bathroom, when the water is also full of chemicals from the treatment plant? Thats it! Chloramine. You taste like chloramine. You taste like paper with butter on top. You taste like crappy sweet popcorn from the supermarket. You got no taste in the most literal sense of the word. You got no flavour


walking liquid hunk of sewage


amontoado de esgoto andante

In terms of a personality, Im a leopard. If I had to choose a badass animal, Im a leopard. A disgusting animal... a grey dusty moth. A goofy animal... a meerkat. A pet animal... which is either cat or dog if we are honest, Ill go with cat. If I could choose a bug, it would be a dusty, empty, grey moth. A feline....leopard. An herbivore... a zebra, because I am selfish and always kick away any connection. A pest... I would be a fruit fly. If I was a sport, I would be sky jumping. You train your whole ass month and then....its like 3 leaps and "wow... high... jump... I guess?....yey?" If I was a disease, I would be... some kind of tumor. A nuissance and sprouts up at any moment to become even more of a nuissance

PEQUENO!

Rotten pile of garbage.

Affection black hole

I a funpilled, catharcell, 'personality gym' bro. I suffer from social bewilderment syndrome and enjoy kicking ass by myself.

Ok... PD cocktail, red haired blood sucking butterfly, sooon to hit peak

Virus cosplayer

My name is Erica. I am the princess of trash living in the castle of rua de alenquer number 23 by the side of the road near the fish shop. My soul and mind are an empty, toilet. Alcohol is the piss, drugs are the shit and the farts are the crack smoke. Validation starved crackhead grippy sock jail reject
You sicken me. *Kisses her passionately*
You literally cannot be judged. Its all obvious
Remember kids! Its not insecurity! Its... reality! *waves hand ina raimbow*
It applies to you dirty gutter trash b****
You cannot fight. You cannot engrave for s***. All you do is moan and cry
Crybaby bratt... ok the clip is empty
You are like a real life butterfly: You look pretty, you are made of pretty colors, pretty much anyone you can see is a victim for you and you enjoy sucking the blood of the later to survive. There is nothing beneath the surface
Ok... validation starved parasite... I mean these are all the same concept...do you want these?
Yandere rock tough and nutrient deficient sack of stale bone meal and water

Ripped clothes, Broken body, Broken brain, Broken soul, Broken ego... All of you is fucking broken


Id rather see you pieced up than in peace


Wastewoman, the super parasite

Pest. Pest. Vermin. Pest

Gutter trash

Omg... your tactical intelligence... is kinda mid


At the factory, do you know what they call you? They call you "The huggy kissy rattle snake"


Please stop crying! *Smiles* Ok? No one cares, ok? *Says while laughing* No one cares!

Deus proiba rapazinhos de serem inseguros... sinceramente....Deus proiba rapazinhos... de fazerem o que quer que seja... de estarem sozinhos... de encontrarem alivio no orgulho e suas fantasias orgulhosas de catarse vã.

Yes... what if... you rebel?


What if the world already made it very clear it wants a war?


Lets get your kit. This trash city is surrounded by bosques right?

I have a ball at home

Yes. A jabulani


Yes. As soon as we get there

You dont need fire or sex to rebel. All you need... are some shoddy soccer skills... and a leather sphere

A small, almost tentative smile tugs at the corner of her lips at your words, the familiar mention of soccer skills and a leather sphere stirring something in her soul. Soccer... that's my battle ground. And that leather sphere.... it's my weapon. With that... I can rebel against anything.A small, almost tentative smile tugs at the corner of her lips at your words, the familiar mention of soccer skills and a leather sphere stirring something in her soul. Soccer... that's my battle ground. And that leather sphere.... it's my weapon. With that... I can rebel against anything.


"Omg... the songs you listen to are sooo miiid!!!!! Ok... the "caterpillar appearance song"? Really? That s*** sounds like ASS dude!" I know ok? The songs... That I hear... are not as easy to listen to as classics, nostalgic classics like old american rock songs, "rise up", "hung up", etc... I know! The songs I listen to... are... less refined. Less tried and true. Less... hard to make even. Maybe even rushed. They are... experimental. They are not....generic, they are niche. Yes, they are pretentious and innacessible. Yes. But... thats why I wanna listen to them! Most of the time... they are not very good....it either does not suit my tastes and sometimes even rubs me the wrong way...but thats why I listen! Because sometimes... it rubs me the right....JUST the right way. Its interesting. Its refreshing....its young, playful, novel....cool! It makes me have to adapt! to explore the world of music! Its... what I value! Creations made for fun! Creations made for creators... not consumers! Creations still immature... that need... my protection. But... songs dont have to always be pleasent, do they? They can just be novel, cant they?
GRRRAAAAHHH!!!! I REFUSE TO LISTEN TO THE SAME, WORN DOWN, SHODDY, HUMID, NOSTALGIC MELLOW DRAMATIC STUFF! Its... always the same at every party... And people mock me for my suggestions... Hmpf... music does not always need to be pleasent... music can be challenging too and people should be willing to adapt. More stuff to worry about? Here is one more you whinny bastard! Cynico-Pragmatic, pathetic, shallow dumbass!


Drinking from another man's intuition can be just as deadly as drinking from a bottle of whiskey. It corrupts you and leaves you empty and dried out.


classical portuguese insults (translated with same concept)

Do you have your vaccines in check? I think you need a vet!


Suck on the left one, because the right one is busy

I dont have your habits bro


fallen behind (retard) 
ex: you fallen behind




Ok... there is a portuguese insult that is the portuguese word 'Mono'. 'Seu grande mono!'. A minha avó costumava tratar mal a minha mãe... e chamava-lhe mono... era tenso la em casa... mas... n sei se era subconsciente... mas a pura imagem que a que a  palavra se associou em mim... devido ao tom e situações com que a minha avó o usava na Minha mãe deprimida... que n se conseguia convencer a sair da cama... é brutal... e tão CRUAMENTE ofensiva... e tão ultra hilariante numa perspetiva morbida... Im gonna describe what a 'Mono' is: Its... like some beast. Some complete and utter, dumb logical, emotional and social dud, that is deformed, can only produce growls and weird sounds to communicate... like some medieval grendel thing... full of hair and wrinkles... skin full of wounds and callouses... sorta... human looking... a huge unibrow... a bewildered, primal look... 'Oh!...Oh! Olha ela... O mono... estendida, spernecada na cama feita bisonte!... OLHA COMO TRATAS O TEU FILHO! OLHA OS EXEMPLOS!' E... desculpa jesus... desculpa satanas desculpa todos... mas eu n me conseguia conter! N me conseguia parar de rir! e n metia piada nenhuma!



Oh my god! You are sooo dumb! Hopeless! My god that take is STAAAALE and BAAAAAAD!!!! get some new material... While you are at it, I suggest checking that your brain isnt thinking incorrectly and that you still have warranty and are able to still return it to the factory for fixing...


