I know this is kind of a silly question, but what would you say a good size to store a sentence in an array of characters is? 128 bytes?

And why are people such shitnerds about which vector is best or which container is best and whatnot in C++? Like... I understand... like... hashtable vs tree vs array vs trie or whatever but I dont understand why a dynamic array is soo bad... like... why are people so sweaty? Computers have gigs and gigs of ram nowdays...

Like... dont get me wrong... Ive implemented my own hashtable and decided to only use that module so that It feels more fun, challenging and mine... but I have to admit its sorta self torture if you dont really care...


what could be a way/method to do arm wrestling but for legs?

why do I make such a deal out of being a craftsman? I am one. Expectedly. What is challenging... is Logistics. They are confusing. Scary. Each thing I must keep track of feels like a 200kg weight on my back. Each new information out of nowhere that I was suposed to remember feels like a dagger. Every time I fail I just feel like coughing and choking myself until my blood becomes anemic. Every time I am late... its so hard to be bothered by myself, so the sudden social pressure crushes me. Guiding forces around me grasping for straws of patience. The collective understanding of people... so hard to fathom. The social cues, the confusion, the awkwardness, the anxiety, the asphyxiating feel in my head, the tension, the world spinning and spinning. Living nightmare. A part of humanity the collective unconscious struggles so desperately hard to accomodate. The agony... the distraction. Its not the insults, its not the name-calling. Its how I am the one at fault, for no blame of my own.  A logistical calamity of a loser... a loser everyone pities and wants to help. The urge to self deprecate at each basic question, each disappointment, each normal task that wasnt fulfilled. The lingering feeling of wasted potential. I dont ask my crush out... not out of shyness... but for the same reason I dont check test dates. The reason I ignore my ugrad course's whatsapp group. Just... reacting to so much logistical spam... might as well pretend to my open minded, yet technology illiterate elderly family members that no, my phone 'cannot automatically tell me when the tests are. It can think like us'. Saying that as a software engineer undergrad makes me wish 'rotting' was something actually actionable. Being born so different... and so distant... all the auxiliar help. I learn, and learn, and learn. Nothing will take away the pure, concentrated self hatred and guilt out of my soul. As long as my ADD and ASD stay, I wont cut myself slack. I refuse to let others know... I actually... love myself. So much. Living feels... impossibly  draining. So much agony. Call it unecessary brooding. Whatever. Ill never grow up. They way they demand... Ill never get there.... I just wont. Its not learning a craft or anything either practical or theoretical. Its just existing in general. I already have tactics though: Like Remembering number patterns and not codes, Making my linux systems ask me questions relative to my imaginary world so I can unlock sudo (I should do that... linux must be customizable enough for that... just need to find which packages to change and whatnot) oh! and to unlock my github ssh key. I already have tactics and am working ob myself ok? I fiddle with alarms comfortably, ask people to remind me of what I think is important... ok? Im okay, okay? This has just been a long time in the making and waiting to be released. I am Adriano Valente. I aint no Homo Sapiens. World. I am a visitor from the Homo genus and Bewilderus species, and I came in peace. I am Adriano, the Homo Bewilderus.