Type: Musical Single.

Title: Neurological Hysterium

Author: Isa Cyclone.

Genre: Heavy Metal with screaming Vocaloid and electronic backdrop.

Vibe: 

Neuron Blasting to Mars! Screaming like banshees!

Banshees trapped inside tiny yellow bottles left scattered!

Silence I must keep shattered! 

People yearning for my soul on a platter! 

Ive given you just that!

Unyielding storms cooking inside every second! 

Topping on them test scores! 

Store them for later! 

Maybe one day it will all fill the crater! 

The void! 

Dodging realities blades! 

Forever betting my health on a single ace of spades! 

My brain full of funny characters each with own voices! 

Clonidine, Coke, Kroko you name it! 

I only havent tried what I have never heard of!


Grabbing this Meth filled cart insid'a restroom! 
Let it rip! 

Make all  my nerves go boom! 

3 tons of aluminium confetty in my room!

I always wonder:
When will my body rot for good?

Will anyone remember? 

Probably not those who whine and brood! 

So... the emos? Okay!

Wimps! Go get real hobbies! Some muscle!

You need to understand my struggle!

You all need to feel real adversity!

You make me wonder how you even cope with gravity! 

You emos! 

Everyone has thoughts!

You piles of snowflake!

Know that your lives are all sweet like cake!

I got rid of acne by 16! 

Im prettier than you! 

But thank you very much!

My brain works just fine!

Your presence as humans wont go beyond generic and tepid!

Your journeys were all flatter than my shouting inner chatter!

Spoiled and bratty piles of
organic matter! 

You feel everything you say?

The world feels distant?

Dude! People scoff at me while I desperately rant!

Religion makes you to pray?
So lucky glad that you can cry... 

Be glad your parents even chose to stay.

My soul? 
Crumbling like Palestine! 

My blood? 
Poluted like Danube!

My heart? 
Cold like Pripyat! 

My synapses struggle to generate anything beyond grey!

Viruses swimming all over my mucuses!

So harder I must slay! 

In myocardial tissue steroids stored like hay! 

Every limit I must push to shatter!

All the crazy chemicals are corroding my bladder!

Emos reminding me everyday of how little I matter!

Father left? Really? What was their name anyway?

The day I finally stop is when I fade away!

This empty, huge mansion I live in daily deducts from my soul salary!

Non existent insects sipping at my sweat and tears!

Insects laying eggs on my pulp, making babies!

They sprout by the millions!

The buzzing!

The ringing!

Feels like neuropathy!

An emo noticed me!

I really do matter!

Then I can stay a bit more...

A few more years.

Holding for dear life.

Sucking teachers dry for mere paper digits!

Attention directly converted into
soul spoiling!

Commanding respect with an iron fist!

Anyone who cracks the glass is immediatly on the list!


Whore? Why me? 

Desperate? 
True like the fact apples fall from trees.


Abandoned. 

A city in delirium.

Panic! 

My inner world ascending! 

Brace yourselves and panic!

Another jab! 

Another crack! 

Another reason to fight back! 

But why fight back when all they did was give me a reality check?


Why does reality have to feel so harsh?

Why be an engineer if I cant fix my inner wreck?


Stuff Stuffed under the bed in which I sleep. Under the weight of my facade I risk an oil leak!


"Controll freak!" Bro? Are you ok?

Because I think next youre gonna say emotions are like gases!

Gases that hate containers!

When inside them they heat up!

So, bro! Im not a control freak!
Im a pyromaniac! 

So why cant I scream? 

Why cant I tantrum! 

Why does inner turmoil have to look pretty? 

Im slowly starting to feel the real emo is me! 

The real emo is me? 

But emos are babies! 

So am I a baby? 

Are we all babies? 

Why then can my baby get no milk?

I watch everyone! 

I see them all!

They are all maleable like clay!

But so am I! 

So I dont understand! 

Why momma AND fatha? 

Why do people look at me like some cold blooded monster?


Because, In the end thats what Ive always just been!


An unhinged, lonely trickster!


Attention starved like Jeremy's little sister!


How do I make them see what I really am?


SO WHY MUST IT BE ME? 

WHY NOT ALL OF YOU? 

YOU THAT IGNORE ME! 

LIFE IS AS UNFAIR FOR ME AS IT IS FOR THE GUY NEXT DOOR! 

I LEARNED HOW TO FIGHT NOT BECAUSE IM A PROBLEM! 

BUT BECAUSE IM MADE OF ICE! 

IT MELTS! 

IT SHATTERS! 

NO ONE LIKES IT!

GRRRRAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!

SHITNERDS! 

WIMPS! 

BOW DOWN TO ME! WHY? 

RUNNING NO ONE HAS TRIED! 

BECAUSE ME, ISA THE CYCLONE, JUST ARRIVED!

INSIDE THIS MUCH WIND AND VIOLENCE?

YOU WOULD HAVE NEVER THRIVED!

TOO MEAN? 

TOO STUPID? 

BRO IM AN ADULT! 

MOMMA WORKS HARD! 

RESPECT! 

PERSPECTIVE! WHILE YOU THOUGHT ABOUT IGNORANCE, I HIT MYSELF INTO A TRANCE!


By the Saudis of Arabia, I got scouted! Into a shitnerd hating paradise! 


For nerds who visit sand hell, spare me your wimpy cries! 


Because arriving teared up will entail certain demise!


If you bitches outscore me, you better be witty like foxes!! 


Because your next meal may contain candy from tiny boxes!


So you better stand aside, admire me and get wise!


No one shall break me! No one shall judge me! 


No one knows anything if no one hears my cries!


Screams from my gut tissues ripping and tearing! 

Mommas glintless eyes roam inside glaring!
So sweet... reminds of when my family seemed caring.


*Author notes*

My god... I still feel my brain PANTING like an hour later!

My most unconfortable writting style, versed poetry, Writting as a character I barely relate to 90% of the time... I needed to get into and out of the zone just to complete some of the verses! But its raw, honest (from the characters perspective), haunting and more or less fun to read!

And, excluding the author notes, its 5kb in size.
Written on a desktop keyboard from microsoft.

Damn... I never spent so much time within my creative limits without giving up!

I just cant relate to this character ok? Im not gonna say Im a saint... And Im a total piece of work due to my loudness and lazyness... but Im physically healthy, the people that matter understand me, I have an audience, pride, friends, confidents, strong family ties... Isa and me are totally different. This was so hard to make.