Adriano's diary goes here

Diary of an arrogant, argumentative wimp.


I am arrogant, arrogant, arrogant. The most arrogant of them all. I crave praise wherever I go. I dropped my soft heart somewhere along this confusing path, for a gold ingot. I am the smartest, the strongest, the most mature, the most authentic. I win competitions for those frequently. I can prove it. I am caged inside a transparent box, frustrated at the words I can never utter. At the realities I refuse to see. At the people I refuse to talk to. I left my first reality a long time ago. Most people do when they turn 20. But they can still survive to talk about it. I shreded all my meaning, as a futile demonstration of strength. I dropped all my good habits for a useless reputation as an authentic induvidual. I dropped my dearest ideals over a useless reputation as a creative. I questioned my deepest core ambitions and true gratification over a useless reputation as an intellectual. Its allways been something. From body and mind to my literal ribs, Everything has allways been wrong with me. I had an existential crisis just to accept that I am kinda nerdy. My friends see me as a genius. So I believe them. My family members see me as strong. So I rely on them. I went to an intensive course to learn atheism, and all they taught me was futile cynnicism. I came into college with genuine pride in my heart "Hold up! Did you know undergrads are dumb, now?" Well... there that goes. Why all the admiration. Why all the obcession with admiration. Is it food for the winter? When is winter? What is winter? People listen to me yap like a radio, and nod in pity. My arrogance knows no bounds, as I repress it so people dont abandon me. When will it explode? Best case, on the exact moment I completly decompose on the grave and my memory fades away. Worst case, before that. No one must know. I know I still need them. I just dont know why or how to speak from heart  yet. I discriminate these pathetic creatures as my monster pretends to devour them so it forgets about hunger. I am an undergrad. They are not. People call me smart. Not them. My discipline (or what can be more accurately described as "swallowing and wallowing") makes me praisable. Yet I never feel capable or ready. Never.


So, you just got your mind blown at the realisation that you dont like to procrastinate? Congratulations! My car also has a huge problem! It is too slow! I feel like my shoulds are allways beneath me. 


I just want to know what true compassion feels like. Not towards me. From me. I am more curious than guilty, though... I enjoy new experiences. Thats why I want it so bad. We explored every gratifying facet of the tecnology we can ever make, already! We explored why intellectualism is important. Why praise is important. The answer is not as revealing or as much of a mirror of their importance as people think. Intelligence is a very important set of skills humans can develop. A meta skill if you will. It covers, from intuition control  to critical, detached reasoning which is accurate and avoids fallacies and the intrinsical value of the pursuit of truth. Intuition control... Its a concept made up by me to explain stuff to myself (so far) more easly. I can explain it with math, as it is something that exercises it alot. There are several quantic stages and Ive been able to see 3: 0- before 1. 1- Apply abstractions. In this stage, you are able to, although purely blindly, apply pre existing principles to compute. It requires you to be able to master algebra, so you can handle complex expressions. 2- Assert and demonstrate principles: You can prove to yourself and others why formulas work. Also, create some of your own for your purposes. You understand propositional and other forms of logic required to prove abstractions. Maybe there is a third, which I guess is creating yout own "Maths"... but thats only from me. This is pretty cool. But we are pathologically obcessed with this. ( Im guilty of it too). Why the f***... where is empathy? Social smoothness, willpower management, why dont we praise those? "huurrr durrr we only praise achievable stuff we dont belive in mushy emotions and fantasy hurrrr durrr that is just religion garbo made to soften the masses egos" bro since when are skills achievments? How the f*** do you achieve intelligence? So, if you are not a harsh, cynical coward, can you still not be praised? Why are you so harsh when correcting people? "Hurrrr you just care aboit feelings, nog facts, you overly pampered conformist!" But... if people dont want to listen to you, all the energy went to the toilet! "They should just be able to handle it!" YOU ARE THE ONE SPEAKING SK YOU ARE THE ONE WHO SHOULD CONDITION THE LISTENER TO BE RECEPTIVE OMG JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!! You make me so mad, oh my f****** god! Intelligence is overrated. I know it, but Ive been so praised and conditioned in such a way my ego cannot even recognize it as just one more human dimension! Omg redditors make me so fucking mad! They will tell me Im just soft, im just too traditional and devoid of conflict on my life! You cant tell me you walked a thorny path just because you chose to not turn on the lights at night! You cant brag about artificial and even imaginary conflict you claim to face up to everyday! That is dumb. Its dumb! That ia true stupidity! Your stupid! Also arrogant! Be ashamed... you pretentious moron!


Filipa told me today: "Stop binging on your own bitterness. You are not wrong, but you are also deluded by a unsatiable hunger for petty conflict. In the end, you are the Redditor. But all you have to do is face up to it everyday. And then move on. Thats what I do. Not through exploring the nature of said conflict. There are doctors who perform surgeries on cancer patients who also smoke. Just. Let. Go. Choosing what we eat, who we kiss. Who we hurt is what separates us from animals. I know I am not the one to judge. As you fill up with bitterness, I fill up with the gonad fluids of random people I find in parties. I even make lists of samples I take based on concentration and make clever datastructures in java to sort them in various ways a- OK anyway... see you tomorrow, brave soldier. Get up and get your ass kicked. Take photos of your scars. Dont show them to anybody. That is true pride.


To be autistic, you need to be brave. Very brave. Because everything scares you.



Ive been forced to be a warrior when I am a moth by design. How did I cope? Anxiety? Panic? Trauma? No. Just bitchy and overworked


Isa told me something: "I dont detest shitnerds. I just... detest boredom. You are the most bored one. I detest you. Not you specifically. Just your lifestyle. I detest people who take life for granted. Show color. Do... what life crippled me away from doing." Its true. She... just really does not have a way with words... or... people... or... feelings. "I admire you, I wish I was in your position. You lived so mutch, yet... still feel... underwhelmed. So mutch... potential. I... love you." Those were her final words to me. I was so shallow. She got me wrong. I am not a deep thinker. I enjoy calling out people over petty motives. Over the obvious. Over the soft spots of people. I am underwhelmed and I lash out using fake deep agendas. She is blind in search of furfillment. I am a pretentious owl. I can experience banter and chaos, Unrulyness and fun, cynnicism and wisdom, tepid reasonable and deep thinking. She openee my eyes. I am strong. I am weak. I am angry. I am sad. I see all color. I see none. I have x ray. I cant see past the first atom of air. I am athletic. I am frail. I am hardworking. I am lazy. I am just learning about nihilism like grendel. I am also a master at it like Re. I am curious, innocent, warm, collected, quiet. I am a lone wolf, as I am bored beyond redemption and lash out. I am narcissistic and feel pride when someone gets what I want. I am all colors. I am... Adriano. I will live by her words. Identity is the biggest lie parents and schools alike tell ue about. I see everything, so I shall live according to all the beauty I capture. She was a beautful monster. She was the beast, not the villain. What do people have to do to earn existence... when they already have thoughts and bodies? 
You never know what scars people in the train have. Or how deep they go. And even then... A huge red burn mark can mean either accident with boiled water... or an attack with boiled water. I looked at a scarred girl on a train once. She then looked down the entire trip. What the hell happened in her head? I certainly have no idea...
What do people on trains do? They think. Its a public gathering of reserved demeanours and introspection. Its a charging station for the mind. Its a mental flushing station. Its where people go to... think about life. And here I am thinking I am the only one who does it. People have flaws. People then get turned into a self containing black hole of darkness. And then its their fault they suck up all the light away. They bang on all the doors. There is a monster chasing them. No one listens. "Sometimes they are BoRn wiTh iT!" Aaaaaahhhh! what difference does that make?! Its still a monster that consumes and, very often, wins. And we expect them to get out only after its too late. Its their problem. they should deal with it, we insist...



Polyneuropathy. Isa had it. Filipa. "Yes?" Get ready. "Understood. Its the talk right?" Yes. Im finnaly up for it. "Praise death. Embrace decay. Ignore pain." Humble the saint. Scare away the shy one. "Justice is only fair to those who get it" True friends can also hate eachother. Enemies can hide behind supportive roles. "Milk the dead cow, make the infant cry. Give the single mom more time with family. Name one famous person. Come on. You can do it." The crazies draw well with their feet. Most people cannot even draw with their hands propely. "Blue jeeans are underrated. Same with plain blue socks and red ties. So thats all Im gonna wear for my marriage. If I can convince someone crazy enough" Polyneuropathy. Yeah. "Yeah. cry over a dead bush. Make him grow. Wait for it to dry out. Cry again. Watch. it. grow. Ignore it for a while. Remember to tell it that its trash like the previous one you had. Wait for it to kill itself. then cry. Then cry. Then cry." Kill a sandcastle. Reanimate your dead tamagochi. Launch a connection to the nearest human being over the friendship protocol. "Give me the mic. No, not the one you are already using silly... how are you suposed to sing if you give me that one? *That its not correct grammar! if you also wanted them to have a mic that would be give me a mic not the mic* Yes i know that I am a genius! give me a break!" Yeah you rock too much you need to give it a rest! "Resting is for parasites! Working hard is for addicts! understanding.... understanding is.... uhhhhh.... good I guess?!" Yes. "uhm hum" "riiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnng........ riiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnng....... riiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnng tru tru ru ru whooooos there? uhm hum..... uh hum..... uh hummm NO I ALREADY TOLD YOU THAT SPACE IS A REAL THING! ITS NOT MERELY A ABSTRACT CONCEPT! STOP SAYING VECTOR SPACES ARE ABSTRACT ALGEBRA!  ....................... NO I DONT THINK ABOUT SPACE WHEN SOLVING PROBLEMS ABOUT THEM BUT THATS IRRELEVANT WAIT.... oh. space has a........ second meaning.... sorry!.........Uh hum........ no! .....
 ah! Three years! ......................YES IVE BEEN IN COLLEGE FOR THREE YEARS! AND YOU HAVE BEEN WORKING FOR 5! Ok. bye ....... bye.............bye bye....... no you first....... no you!.......... FINE ILL DO IT GET LOST PISS OFF!"


Acedia

When she is cooking or working with her hands or fighting or playing chello, she does not care, she does not care. She is just in her own little world, undisturved. When she talks highly about herself over her unshaved armpits, because "Im not ashamed of it like other girls", its just a glimpse of confusion, but I still reduce her to that. When she interrupted me while I was talking to my female friend, She yapped about how I was bad for "stepping on women and making them feel bad", for being too statiatically prevalent in the interaction, well... she never ever did that again. And its all I remember her for. When she is talking to her far away family, She is just like any one else: somewhat underconfident, respectful and vulnerable. Then... why do I still have her in my head like this. Why does she have to be the weirdo? I have another female close friend who has a groupchat literally called: "House arrest" (Hilarious btw) and I think she is normal. That is why... I am afraid. Why am I such a trashbag, incel, trash aimed camper, shitnerd, loser emo? "Calling yourself names is a waste. Its a waste." Why cant I see people as normal people that have stomachs, brains, urges to pee and sex and eat and sleep and have fun? people that when looking at the naked bodies its all a plain colour. But they have organs! It all looks so tidy on the biology book diagrams, though! How do I have a stomach that handles all the food I have to eat every day? The organs must be so squished into eachother. And I jump and run and hurt myself almost daily! How does it handle all of it? Ive seen how cells work. How the hell do we not have a tumor every 2 days?! Anyways! I am such trash! "Shut up." And then i ha- "Shut up dammit!" What?! Is it you... Neenee? "Yes. I am tired of all of your... bleh! What even is it that you are doing?" Im trying not to be a trashy incel! Im sorry for being such a trashy incel! Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry! Ok? Im sor- "Quiet. Ok: Answer me: what is an incel?" An incel is someone who by definition refuses to engage in romantic relationships with people inside their sexual preferences. Now, the term is used to describe a somewhat more specific and ugly portion of people: trashy teens and pathetic main children who cry like weak babies when their unnatainable romantic interest reasonably drops them because of how much of a useless man like me they actually are."
