Ah. Where am I? Everything is black... Where is the hospital bed? And the doctors? Where is... Adriano? I feel... lightweight. So... did I really... slay too far? HAHA! ANTWAY! He was totally into me... The reason he hesitated was... because I could barely move consciously to where I wanted and he did not know wether he was suposed to catch me or pull me up if I very very likely fell in that moment. He really has to start working on stuff above the waist... I dont even mean become hercules himself! Just... enough to like... not struggle with carrying groceries like... come on! Exercise isnt supposed to  just be this impenetrable, indestructible opponent and opressor that haunts you... it should not be... I mean... He also teaches me stuff that I ignore... on that conversation he told me I was shallow... So... does he just not care? Thats how I felt about his comment... Its weird... Im saying all of these things... but the heavyness does not come back... Can I walk? Yes... everything is black and there is a floor... so there might also be other stuff... "Hello! Welcome to heaven!" Did I die? Heav-....v-....ven? I thought I was a bad person... "You did bad things." So I was a bad person, but... Ok is that suposed to mock me? That just sounds obvious! SHOW YOURSELF! I WAS CLASS VALEDICTORIAN! I JOINED COLLEGE AT 17 AND AMASSED OVER 1294 REAL LIFE FRIENDS! I ONLY GOT SURPASSED IN GRADES BY SOME FATTY THIS YEAR! HEY! HEEEEEEEEEEEY!!!!!!! You did bad things, huh.....? Sigh... I guess there is allways a fatty... there is allways a weirdo... did they ever... do bad things? I cant be the only one, right? But... they are good people, right? Can... they do bad things? "Here! Walk towards it! On your left!"  Huh? What is it? Do dead people need to sleep? "It depends. come and you will know" Whats on my lef- *Sweats profusely, blushes, and feel 23 grams in weight. want to run, want to stay, want to expand, want to retract. Overwhelmed, bored, confortable, on edge.* Adr- *gulp* Is that you? COME TO MOMMA!!!!! *Starts olympic sprinting towards what she just got pointed to. Gets tired after 10 minutes on non stop sprinting.* Why do I still get tired? Oh! I am getting sleepy... Oh.... so dead people do sleep when they are dead... good night... fam *She collapses on the unlit floor of this  hastly designed videogame map. Then, Sleeps for 4 hours straight. wakes up. Sits up rubbing eyes, then yawning and stretching. Sees Adriano.* What...? DONT STAND THERE! COME TO MOMMA!!!!! PLEASE! MOMMA NEEDS A HUG! LOTS OF THEM! I WANNA CRADDLE YOU! PLEASE! LET ME TAKE CARE! PLEASE! BECAUSE I FINALLY CARE! I FINALLY FOUND WHAT *Starts hallucinating* Cats make for dinner and noise feels blank expressions of natural essential oils!!!!! Yeah! Breakfast is gonna rock! *UuuEEEEEHHHGGG* Please! Oh... Im dizzy... Soooo dizzy! Its like im inside that restless mind of yours my sweet baby sweet little cute! my cute, branquinho, peluche! My... my... You are mine! I am yours! .. STOP LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT! ITS EMBARASSING! *Figure obeys* NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! I LOVED IT! YES! F*** YES! YOUR FACE! I WAS FECKING MELTING ON THE INSIDE LOOKING AT YOUR, CUTE ROUND FACE! I LOVE YOU! I WANNA! I WANNA... *Bleh!* I am just gonna sleep for a while... Its nothing! I wont abandon you ok? Momma needs rest after a stressful day, ok? *Yawns with full force. resists closing her eyes for a few seconds and then gives in. Collapses on the floor like she just got blicked. sleeps for 1 hour. Wakes up.* Where am I now? Theres really huge winged... "whatever the hell they look like" things and a temple. And....thats it? Theres nothing else around! Its all light blue and gold and white! Heaven? I allways just thought heaven was the opposite of what you expect... "You expected it to be different right? Then its all good..." Then... why Adri...ano? Why him? Wh- what is he... to me? Is he... heaven? If I feel below him then... am I below heaven? Why am I here? " You got, as I said, the Opposite of what you expect" Wait... isnt the entirety of reality... the opposite of what you expect? "Disjoint is more accurate." But then... isnt intelligence useless? "No. its just why arrogance is a problem." My... grades? How did they... happen then? "Grades are from humans to humans. You are socially skilled. You are resourceful. Thats all." Why does Adriano not get good grades, then? "He does not care that much." Then... how is he gonna get a job? "Not even he knows" *Tears flowing* He... will not get a job? *Light crying*. "Maybe." No... LET ME OUT! IVE GOTTA SAVE HIM! ADRIANO! CAN YOU HEAR ME????!!!!!!! ADRIANO! "HE CANNOT HEAR YOU. As we speak, you are actually buried underground and serving as a micro scale ecossystem." But... Ha.... K.... keh..... keh..... no.... Adriano... "You can see him" Yes! Where? Is there a tv in here? How is any of this built? And I dont really understand this yet: Can I move? Like... how do I make things go past me under my own force? You know... "You can walk." I am........... floating.... "Just look and walk. Look at where you want to go and simply walk. Here. There is a red ball and some tiled floor. Look and walk." *Oh my god what is happening* - Isa then looks at the red ball, moves her right leg a walking motion and her body, not pointed in that direction before, instantly rotates in a violent jolt. She then takes 3 steps towards the target. Her body is tilted at a angles relative to the ground comparable to 3d  entities in cad software. She feels disoriented. - Ok... the direction... - Isa walks towards the floor and her feet are in range to touch the mysterious floor tiles that resemble the ones from a 70s Portuguese middle class home. -  Hey! If I walk here without turning my neck is it like climbing? "Dont ask me before experimenting. Its not even the most interesting thing here..." Fine... -She starts walking, paying attention to her own neck. Because of the angle, she feels like she is walking normaly, only she has to lift her legs like in a sprint and, with the same head angle, she walks with her toes, resembling a sort of wooden plank  that is being dragged, except it has joints in the lower half.- Can you make this whole thing have gravity that points to it? This is weird... Im getting dizzy... And by what you told me, should I not have gone through these tiles? "Foolish. If that were the case, how would you have picked up the ball? And forgot to tell you: That basic walking I told you only works with no solid objects around..." Aaaaaah my head hurts! Why are you doing this? I got a 20 in every Physics course in my faculty back then, but I cheated quite a bit so I dont remember much... Sorry! "You did not cheat quite a bit, you cheated all the way" Please turn on the gravity! -Isa immediatly falls on her face and knocks the ball some meters across the surface. Are there even meters here? Im sorry readers even I dont know whats happening...- "*Now... we do a non dismissable portion of trolling*" -The all seeing entity puts on Adriano's voice- "Isa! Hey!" *Oh!* -Isa's heart skips a beat- "lets play catch!" Yes! Play with me! Come out so I can strangle you with all my love! I wanna!!!! I wanna!!!!    I wanna!!!!   I wanna!!!!    I wanna!!!!    -Isa starts getting red and light headed!- Uhhhhh!.... I feel.... uh! Uhmmm... I am struggling to breathe a bit here! Uhhmmm... *Hah... hah.... hah....hah.......hah..... hah.....hah.......hah...... hah...* -Out of nowhere, an Adriano appears right in front of her, and Isa looks at it, sitting with her arms stretched back supporting her upright upper body, with her legs spread out- Ad-....*Hah...*...
 *Gulp* Uhhh... hell...o! -Adriano walks towards her, slowly, standing then between her legs. Then, gets on his knees and places his hands on the floor space beteen his kneecaps and her upper body, looking at her with a relaxed face and smiling gently.- Are you... my baby? "Are you mine?" HMMMMMM YES! IM YOURS! YES! YES! What... are you trying... to do? I dont unders- -Adriano, with his right index finger touching her lips- "Shhhhhh.... calm.... down... now..." -Adriano, then, gets a bit away and imitates Isa's posture.- "Here. Im yours!" Can... can I do all I want everything ever ever right.... r- right n- now? All I want? "Ye-" -Isa quickly gets up and sits right in front of Adriano with her belly touching his and her things laying on his. She is holding his face with agression and hunger on her face- *Hah.....
 Hah..... Hah...... Hah..... Hah... Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah Hah a UmhF* -Isa starts rubbing herself on Adriano with cadence and alternating kissing his lips and hugging. After several kisses, Isa looks at him and he looks unfazed. He then tilts his head sideways a bit and smiles. Isa is nervous. Adriano pushes her  away and almost lays her down, only for her to "land" on her elbows. He gets on his knees and crawls towards her, making eye contact with a poker face on. Adrianp starts softly rubbing his palms on her arms... up... and down... up... and down which weakens Isa making her lay down completly. Adriano lays on her and Isa immediatly clamps her built legs around him. He feels stuck.- "You are so strong baby girl. I am so proud of you. Please dont change, ok? Because despite everything you have done, It never mattered. You will allways be my mommy. My princess. I love you so much." -Adriano pins her arms and holds her hands. Starts kissing her with Isa rubbing her body on his.- Your lips taste like strawberries! You are delicious! "*Smiles* Free me!" No! You are mine! I dont care! I deserve you! I deserve this! I am a good person! I want to kiss you forever and ever! Why do you want to go? -Adriano then lets go of her hands- "Fine. Your shirt. Take it off. Now!" Yes, daddy!!!!!! -Isa takes her top off, revealing her large breasts- 
"Do you want to be milked, you cow?" Yes! Yes! Only you can call me that! Suck me dry! I give myself to you allways! Your ey- *HMMMMM!!!!!* YES! -Adriano then starts sucking on Isa's right nipple, like it is from a straw. She loves it.- HMMMM YES! YES! Just like that! Your ey- *OHHH YES!* They are soo hard! So hard! So hard! "Why does milk not come out?" I need to be pregant first, you idiot! But dont take it personally! I would give all my silly fluids to you over any baby in the world! "Pregnant, huh? Ok... so... now... be a good girl and free me. Or there will be... problems. Do you want to be punished? Do you?" -Isa then starts hiperventilating, sweating, crying in laughter and panicking  as she comes to her senses and realises what is actually happening.- No daddy! no I dont! Please dont punish me! -Adriano then pulls her left ear and says with his face milimiters from touching hers, smiling- "Good!" *Gulp!* There! my legs are off... I think... I cant really feel them from all the sweating and rubbing... Uhhhm... Im sorry... please dont hit me but... can you get naked? I want to see you naked! Like... right now! Please? "Yes." *Hes undressing, Hes undressing, Hes undressing, Hes undressing...
Hah... Hah..... Hah......
Hah.....Hah.... Hah.... Hah.....
Hah.....Hah.... Hah..... Hah..... His legs are so strong! Omg... HE IS SO SKINNY!!!!! What.... what if he breaks?! He is so skinny and does not break! He is sooooooo hot!!!! His eyes are so pretty! I want to feel his skin! Hes doing it slowly! Ay ay ay! I am gonna faint! He is teasing me! Please dont try me! Im gonna break you I swear I will! You are making me lose control! Hes done...* .....Can I... suck it? -Isa finnaly breaks. She puts on a twisted looking smirk with teeth and leaves Adriano confused- I will do it very, very sloppy. Lots of saliva and noise too! You will hear it in your dreams! you will drop from nerves like the weak twig that you are! "Could you remind me of who you are, again?" Hah! And who are YOU, Huh?! "*She is challenging me! What do I do? ah!* Remember when.... uhhh.... Oh-*" -Isa looks up at adriano with a daredevil face, whispering...- Thats too late, my sweet, kind, prince! You stand no chance. You never stood. -Isa then spits on her hand and starts massaging, slowly for a few seconds. She then stops and as she watches it grow to full size in half a moment, she winks at Adriano who had already started gulping saliva and was now lightheaded. Adriano gets nervous and backs off. As he does this, Isa looks him in the eyes and points her finger down like "no no no no no no no... Here... rapazinho!" Adriano feels powerless and obeys her.-  Ah... Eu sabia que eras um bom menino. Now that its hard enough for me to feel anything, time to do some digging. Your dick must be so good inside me! You've already lasted for a while! So dont feel bad when you explode inside my confortable insides, ok? *My goodness... my brain... You make me crazy.... you make me crazy... I might even be the first one to the finish line...* -Isa quickly undresses, then... walks slowly towards Adriano, who is paralized in place, intimidated, grabs his head by the hair and kisses him. Then throws it away with a violent jolt that leaves Adriano scared.- I allways knew you were a scrawny kid. But NEVER this good looking! I am a genius! I found the oasis! I got railed by other dumbasses but you will feel the best! Now... stop running away like a bitch. Come! -Adriano tries his hardest to not huperventilate and approaches her- She bends over to him, spreads them. Adriano asks "Anal?"  Yes! Its tighter!  -Adriano, then, digs it in... slowly... while exhaling- Oh meu deus do ceu, Adriano! Vais dividir-me em duas!!!! Mais força! -Adriano then starts penetrating faster, faster, faster and faster.-  AHHHHH YEEEEESSSSS!!!!! MORE........ MORE.....
 MORE...... MORE MORE MORE MOREMOREMOREMOREMOREMOREMORE!!!!! AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!! YES!.... YES!!!.... sigh..... -Adriano finishes. Isa falls on the ground exausted and sweating, falling asleep.-
-When Isa wakes up, the scenery is completly different. Its a temperate mountain range. Luxious green grass, sunset. She is laying with her limbs spread out. She feels exausted, she is starving. She is very thin... ribs visible and has a boney face She does not remember anything that happened after she first saw the red ball. Sits up, feeling exausted. She spots a bear "Im dead. Dying two times in a row is impossible..." She then approaches it. Its also a sloth bear. When she gets within 3.5768 meters of it, the bear says: "Here! This is an olive oil bottle. Take it and drink it whole." She took it, gave it 2 gulps and threw up immediatly. The bear then strikes fiercly as "Pathetic creatures" by Dorei the Maid plays in the background: "Adriano was right. You are dumb as a fucking rock. Adriano thinks you are attractive, but nothing else. And that its also not that hard to be attractive unless you are literally born absolutely deformed. You are a talentless, cheap, cheating knockoff version of your only single ever friend Ester, who is chronically embarassed about you and is glad you cannot possibly bother her anymore. At least she recognizes she at one point was human trash and is trying to fix it as she should and as is expected. But instead, you think being a trashy, entitled, desperate, weak, coward, daddy issues womanchild is being a "slayqueen" and something to be proud of" Isa replies: "I know. Noted. Goodbye." as she stumbles inside her battered and exausted body across the plains in search of "food or something that can keep me from dying." As Noesis from Dorei the maid plays in the background. The voice mutters to itself: "She is learning." *Clap!*.The scenario changes again. She is at home. But... there is no one outside. No one inside is not novelty. But there is no one outside the huge 1M euro mansion her parents left her at 13 to maintain by herself through their parachute payments. Well... her mother at least. She does not even remember dads name. Anyways... She takes a shower and care of her mouth, makes the bed and eats the breakfast in the 30.79263728972637186253716152716136721616 minutes and then allocates 40 more for make up and sh*t. "Gotta.... slay................. right?" As she utters not very convincingly at the window, for no one to hear. "ANYWAYS.... Im gonna call Ester! I wanna *be friends with someone who actually looks me in the eyes while we are talking* do slay queen sh+t!" She boots up her phone. Its a smartphone, I know thats redundant at this point. Its 2024 right now. It was 2024 suposedly before, right? When she looks at her phone the date  says: "45th of january, 2007". Her birth date is the 3rd of january and she was born in 2007. She died in 2020. She She is confused. When she checks "Clock", the time is not moving. Not even seconds. She also sees a car outside, at the window, on the road with no driver in it. When she notices herself, she can move. Then she cannot hear, then she cannot see, then she goes physically numb. Myeloma from Yakui the Maid starts playing. Then... *Clap!* She wakes up and she is back on the floor tile surface with Adriano. She, somehow, has no idea who he is. Adriano, then, disappears into steam. The voice, then, says: "You did well. How are you feeling?" Isa: "What? Where am I? Why is everything floating? Where and who are you?" Voice: "I am God. And you are in heaven." Isa: "Damn... the world really is unfair... I feel very dizzy and sick... I will get up and walk to ward it off" As she tries to get up, her lower body wont respond. Isa: "I cant move! Why cant I move?" a *Clap!* is heard. Isa, then, instantly falls unconscious. When she wakes up, She is inside a psychiatric containment room. Isa wears a restrainment vest for the top half of the body. There is only this room and around it its all... the bright red color from the rgb thing. Like a hastly made videogame map. At the small window, she spots and recognizes Adriano, but this time recognizes him. Isa: "Was he not a stranger last time I saw him? Hey!" Adriano: "...." Isa: "Hey! Its me! Are you Adriano? Is that your name?' Adriano: "Quem és tu? Não te conheço... como sabes o meu nome?" Isa ficou chocada. Desta vez, era Adriano quem não a reconhecia. Do nada... Adriano: "Queres ouvir uma musica de que eu gosto?" Isa: "*Ele não faz ideia de quem eu sou... ele age assim com qualquer estranho que se tente aproximar dele... Pelo menos é disso que me lembro... É o modo pre definido dele. Ele esta com prioridade maxima no ego porque ele me quer conhecer* Sim, pode ser!" Adriano então mostra-lhe "Sköll" de Yakui the Maid. Isa: "*É... bastante boa...* Como se chama?" Adriano: "Skoll. de Yakui the Maid" Isa: "O que é Skoll?" Adriano: "Um lobo negro da mitologia nortica que procura a luz. Contrasta com Hati que faz o contrário e que é branco" Isa: "O QUÊ? ESTÁS A DIZER QUE SOU MÁ E HORRI- *peraperaperaperaperaperaperapera...... Ele conhece-me ou não? Ele conhece-me!*" A voz: "*She mastered the challenge* You shall return to the main plaza in 3 2 1" *Clap* Isa was the back at the plaza, with her body being fully functional again. But she was tired. Isa: "Ummmmm... posso ir dormir? Estou cansada para car*ho... Doi-me a cabeça!"  A bed the spawns floating about 16 heaven meters above her head? Is it really 16 heaven meters? Idk... Hey! How much does Isa measure? Voice: "78 heaven meters" damn... ok... if I stack like 4 Isas, the top one can reach it... its about 80... 240 heaven meters! She is 240 heaven meters under the bed. Isa: "Hey! can you turn gravity off this and turn gravity on on the bed?" Voice: "Sure!" She then squats down and jumps directly up BUT she barely misses! She then goes completly astray and goes past the bed at high speed! Isa: "HEY! YOU NO LIFE GOD! WHAT ARE YOU THINKING! *NOT* THE BEDS NATURAL GRAVITY, OK?!" Voice: "Fine... the average surface gravity of the bed shall become the same as the tile surface." Isa then slows down and starts... turning! She is now on a very excentric and eliptic orbit around the bed! Her head barely hits the right bottom edge of the beds frame! Isa: "AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! THIS IS TOO FAST!!!!! HELP ME I AM SCARED!!!!!!!!" Voice: "Grab it!" Isa: "AT THIS SPEED ITS GONNA RIP MY ARM OFF! Please just teleport me to laying on the confortable side, please! Everything else is the same ok? Except my speed! Set it to zero when you put me on top! Ok?" Voice: "Calm down! Lighten up! Just messin with ya!" Isa: "Why do you do this? Why are you like this?" Voice: "Gotta stay silly and slay away at the opps, no?... you shitnerd?" Isa: "*I used to call him that.... all the time!  What?* Stop saying that its cringe!!!!!" The voice the fulfills the request before this one. She is now laying in bed and sleeping. When she wakes up, there is... bleach smelling milk on her hands. And a letter signed by... herself. She reads it: "Isa: this is for you! That was some EPIC head! And remember: Maximum clarity is only found after overcomming the strangest of confusion. Gotta meet up again soon! By the way: Tell god I passed by. He knows me. He owes me 40 euros from a bet! Napoli have really fallen off this season!" Isa: "........... what?........" She gets up. Isa: "Ok... where do you even find breakfast? God!!!!!!!! Can I AT LEAST have an OVEN, OIL, PAN and some EGGS, please? I gotta do my morning workout and I am hungry! Can you also have breakie with me? Im lonely..... sorry!....." Voice: "Sure! Dont you want a table too?" Isa: "................" Voice: "Tough crowd..." A kitchen with the bare minimum essentials appears. Isa: "Take care of the gravity too, ok?" Voice: "Already sorted. I understand that you dont like it very much when I play with you like that" 17.(43) minutes later she is sat down and eating. Isa: "By the way, do I have to wish for everything? Its weird to have to wish for everything and then stuff just happening... I dont like it very much..." Voice: "That was basically your life wish back in earth.... whats up?" Isa: ".........You are a literal god. Please be better!" Voice "*eeeeuuuhhhhhmmmmm errrrm.....Ok fine*" Isa: "By the way... why am I experiencing all of this? Whats going on? Isnt heaven
just suposed to be peace?" Voice: "With what you did back in earth, you be glad the worst that happened was your god turning out to be a bit of a clown." Isa: "By the way... dont I need a job here? How do I get one?" Voice: "No need." Isa: "What If I feel useless?" Voice: "Then... you feel useless." Isa: "Hu-" Voice: "But, if you wait some time, It will disappear!" Isa: "Getting what you want gets tiring after a while, though... Eventually, you will master everything, know everything, surpass everything..." Voice: "You can wish for all of that anyway... Thats not the point of heaven. Its not even the point of the physical world..." Isa: "Damn... then... tell me: If this is heaven, then what is hell? Is it worse?" Voice: "Its like heaven, except you are forced to get all that you wish at every moment in that moment Your entire life was already hell, so you came to heaven." Isa: "I had money! And was popular... Thats heaven, right?" Voice replies: "Thats irrelevant. Your wishes were obligations. That is what made it hell. Well... do you want Adriano?" "*blushes* Errrrmmmnn... is he here?" Voice: "Do you want him here?" Isa: "Not... if he doesnt want to be here too..." Voice: "*"too"... then you do want him here...* Ok,  what if he does want? What if he is obcessed with you?" Isa: "Make him like in real life! Thats all..." Voice: "Sure." Adriano, then, spawns outside the kitchen and walks in. He brings a lidl pizza and soup. He puts the soup in the microwave, then sits at the table without even looking at Isa, with his earbuds on, waiting. Isa: "Hey! Adriano! Im here! Im right in front of you!" Adriano: "......" Isa: "Wanna talk about music?" Adriano: "*Im not in the mood for princesses, now...* listen psycho princess, I had a long day, ok?" Isa, fighting to hold back her self loathing and lashing out instincts, replies, as assertively as possible: "Do you speak like this with other people? Are you serious right now? What did I do to you? You seem like the one acting like a prince right now, you know?" Adriano: "College put you on the honour board. They should have put you on a domestic terrorist watchlist instead" Isa: "Voice! I give up! I have no clue what you want to teach me but make it stop ok?" The voice did not respond. The silence lasts for 20 more consecutive minutes, long after both of them had finished eating. Isa then breaks and, through despair, starts projecting: "ADRIANO YOU SPINELESS LOSER! YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IVE BEEN THROUGH! GOD SAYS MY LIFE WAS ALREADY HELL, YOU KNOW? MY! LIFE! WAS! ALREADY! HELL! HOW DARE YOU ACT LIKE THIS???!!!!!!!! I DESERVE BETTER!!!! YOU MUST TALK TO ME RIGHT NOW! TALK!!!!!! ITS YOUR JOB!!!!!!" She then covers her mouth in shock realizing that she may have ruined everything she worked so hard for. Her body then feels 300 kg heavier and she cant take her hands off the top of her head. She leans on the table with her elbows looking at it with her hands on top. Adriano: "Im leaving. Have fun with your delusions" Isa: "*sniff* *sniff* BUT..B- B- BUT.......GGRRRAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! GHRRAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!! WHYYYYY????!!!!! WHY AM I SO STUPID AND RUIN EVERYTHING???????!!!!!!! GHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HAHAHAHAHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!! *sniff* Hes gone now. I have to forget it....." Voice: "Do you want the didldo?' Isa: "*Very funny... now you appear... why do I care anyway...* What length is it? Voice: "12 inch" Isa: "Make it bigger. I want to bleed. I dont want pleasure... I dont deserve it. Make it out of sandpaper covered wood too..." Voice: "Here is a plastic one" A pink dildo spawns on the table. Isa knocks it away swiftly like a toddler rejecting veggies. Isa: "You suck ass as a god, you know? I want the sand paper dildo. Capiche? Make the wood splintery and old like crazy too." Voice: "You know that you will be able to suffer indefinitely without death, right?" Isa: "Marvelous." Voice: "Alright. Here." The object spawns on the table. Isa looks at it. She picks it up and inspects it. Exactly like how she wanted it. "I cant even die. And when I eventually get 100% used to all possible pain, Nothing will ever mean anything anymore. Can you bring Adriano here and make him be nice to me? I want his cock! I really wanna stroke it... i dont know something that stops this! Anything!" Voice: "Isnt that what the dildo is for?" Isa: "Yeah! I got this so Imma use it!" Isa undresses her bottom half. She starts inserting it slowly. She remains quiet without even opening her mouth, with tears flowing as much as the blood. She takes it off, slowly, without uttering even a sigh of relief. She is dripping in vaginal fluids, blood tears and sweat. Isa: "*Yes... feels almost like actual rejection. Lets do it again. It feels good*" She does it again. And again. And again. And again. After the last one, she stops feeling her legs entirely and falls over like a "grave" in portuguse physics terminology. Isa: "Damn... now there is no way I will ever need Adriano, now! This thing is amazing.... he he he he! Look at me! Im the ones prettiest orange! My juice tastes like human scum... and iron! Who wants a piece of me?" She then lays there... for 2 weeks. In those two weeks, she slept for 8 hours each day. At the end, she got up. She had forgotten everything she was feeling, but remembered about the context. Isa: "All this for 20 minutes of silence? Im sorry for my arrogance. The people the world trully rejects are not nerds. Its me. The world hates me. Even in heaven everyone hates me. And its okay. I wanna *cough!* eat... I cant feel a thing. Even my tooth gums are numb. Why is Adriano so mean? *Cough!* He is evil. Adriano is evil. I have to avoid Adriano at all costs!" While she wasnt looking, Adriano spawns in front of her. Adriano says, while crouching, looking at her with a soft and patient expression, caressing her forehead and hair, with peaceful spring/summer music in the back ground (Music that sounds like a summer vacation day, sunny outside, shorts/skirt and grateful nostalgia that makes you aware of time): "Thats not logically correct, Isa. I cannot be the evil one here, ok? Because... you are the one who projects and any kind of projection is bad. Then, people dont have to care about your meaningless complaining and victim play, right, sweetie? Then, you complain and blame others. You are evil, ok, princess? Believe me." Isa ignores everything then asks: "Can you stay with me and stop me from suffering more? Just make it stop. And it has to be you. I dont care about what you tell me. Its a waste of time. I just want affection. Keep cuddling me, forever and ever. It may be unfair. But you cured me. Dont worry, I wont bother you anymore. I dont need you or anyone or anything anymore any longer." Adriano, in the "Voice"'s voice, replies: "No. You cured yourself. your conversion is complete. You are now an angel. You lost all ego and became nothing. Your true life begins now. Made of meat, nerves, bones and skin, you see yourself as nothing more, nothing less." Adriano disappears and Isa's wounds and pain all go away. The music continues. Isa gets up an: "I think I will go on a walk. I feel like nothing ever mattered. I am nothing but my body and my neurons. I was never anything else. Now... I used to love cooking... Can I have a path of soil so I can make veggies? And a shop to buy stuff... I dont need to hear my momma yell at me for wanting things... heaven sure is good. I want a kitchen exactly like my childhood. I can now make dishes. I also want my grandma's recipy book. I wanna work with my hands, think about life. And stay here forever and ever. I want it all exactly like my childhood. I found my special place. I wont leave so soon." Voice: "You conquered life. Congratulations. Here is all that you requested. And some other stuff you forgot about. Heaven is over. Now, you reached paradise. You dont need me anymore. Goodbye. Ill see you next life, Isa "Sköll" Costa."  Saint Isa "Sköll" Costa, the angel of actualization.
The end.