Deolinda's notes: 


Patient 789 can now cope with own personality. Time to make a move:  "Ah, Ester... the sociopathic, detached, hermit, hateful, parasite finally accepts that she is not normal and that chemistry is dirty work that is not for her. I say this with all the respect in the world but... look who is talking... It should have been that way... why do you even like chemistry? Its just because its a habit. Thinking about the demography of the course is a useless, theoretical waste of nutrients. You pay your breathing bill just to live life like a typical person... you are not normal Ester... you are not normal. You are a brilliant theorist. You invent efficient methods that work. You order people around. You are a manager, not a lab coated amateur chemist. If you want work, you need to become a mathematician. Or a security guard. Because, for you, being impulsive takes tons of work, while it is the opposite for most. You dont even need to face criminals head on. You can manipulate the people around you. Create an environment where the protected never even get thought of. You are a natural cheater. No ruleset is well defined enough for you. Being a formula 1 chief designer would be like street sweeping for you. (No disrespect for street sweepers, though...) Yes... you are even perfectly capable of creating your own profession. Although human like me... you are something else. You can keep the crime up if you want, though... its not like anyone can stop you. Well... we could nuke you. But you would still somehow find a way to antecipate that. But to trully live, its one of these. My job is done for today. Make up your own mind, my sweet, little, evil princess." 


Patient 789:  "There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which in terms of energy demands was like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items." *tsk* *tsk* *tsk* ok, where should we begin, Ms Ester?


Unidentified patient (julia)
Deolinda *knows* she is very specialty oriented. Deolinda would look at her during 10 consecutive seconds of silence and be like:"I peel apples. Dont squeeze oranges, darling. You can now leave.  From now on, you wont need me anymore. You are dismissed. Tell anyone who recommended me to you that they are stupid. Have a good day. *Slapa hands on knees, grunts lightly and all her 205cm get up in a single movement* *Violently Opens door* *yelling in the distance in the corridor:"Hey! You idiots! This is not an apple! Ive told you I peel apples! Stop giving me oranges, maggots! what the hell is this, huh?! What do you think you are doing? Stop messing around! Are you trolling me? Sending her to me? You are all dumbasses!"*"
"Would she change? Not much... she is very self aware and there is just so much someone can change from a coma. The fact she can already do what she does and be aware of it is excellent! Its not about wrong, or harsh or any of that! Its about weightclasses! Categories of people separated by needs, possible responses and she knows it."
Descriptions from Other people:

"The song: "All about that you fear" from Chikoi the Maid's album "Insertion" Really fits you! Agressive, borderline (keyword there) unconfortable riffs, eerie sounding notes and melodic tones and an average speed bpm"


"   I think she has Kai from beyblade vibes. All the things he says are pretty harsh... But he never really insults anyone or anything and I think thats fascinating"

"Na bro! Its very simple: There is a deal: Circles go in the circle hole, squares in the square! Deolinda is a triangle and they gave her a pentagon"


Deolinda x aspiring transfem:
"Updated it: "No, you dumbass! You do not need to change sex. Its perfectly fine to not """"""""""act your gender"""""""" ok? Oh so you cant bring yourself to realize that? Well... there are actually working ways to do that, you know. You know! The ones that involve... adressing the issue! You are not gonna change gender because its idiotic, clown, dumb behaviour. Its twice the suffering and you wont ever forget it. Its biologically impossible to do it, you know, without looking and feeling absolutely terrible and being piss poor right after. Im not supporting you. Again, you will never be the same ever again. Many therapists will just tell you: "Just do what you want! Its your body!" The things kids do these days over an introspection incompetence issue... you know? I also thought about changing sex once... I was having a really bad day, felt like nothing was worth it, even felt like ending it. I thought that was a chance to start over. But after considering it for 5 more seconds, I decided not to do it, because it is a terrible, incompetent idea. Its impossible to ever look like whatever you are expecting to look like. I did not need a therapist for that by the way. uhhhh Oh! 1 hour! Thats it for today but before you leave.... if you want to complete the tailbone of some other chick, just get a strapon, ok?""

