Diary of an abandoned city in delirium
This is a reminder to when I forget:
Dont be afraid to be real.

Futiliy precedes purpose.
Ignorance precedes knowledge.
Weak precedes strong.
Turn 'em around. It still makes sense.

Dont be afraid to question. And to accept. And to make yourself big, so people can see where it hurts. And to make yourself small, so smaller people can devour you.

Filipa, whenever we see each other again, I want to tell you that people dont just fear arrogance, they loathe it. Its the favourite place losers like to hang out at. And its also not because you are the arrogant one. And remember, Ive been watching you all along, and I feel a mix of hatred, regret, fascination and confusion. I am reminding you of what Adriano told you: Enemies are not the ones that hurt you in broad daylight. Its the ones that seduce you. You found that out too late when we met each other, did you not? You werent simple, or dumb. You were the wisest person Ive ever known and I still long for the day I can meet someone like you again. Yes, even monsters like me feel nostalgia. I dont blame you for rejecting my attempts at reaching you telepathically.  why are you not doing it? Are you stupid? Its pretty weird, if you dont trust me. Or... do you also miss me like I miss you?


All I have. All I have as a friend is a pest named Isa in my life. She is so cringe. She just does so many horrible things to people, and I am happy for it: my brain damage induced consciousness, although I also got psychosis on the hand of cards I got that day, is working. Something in me functions propelly. That makes me... happy.
I can tell her that what she is doing is wrong. Like a normal person. As she works in a microbiology lab, and is a Loose cannon narcissist, she puts literal plagues in my food and I dont want to even imagine what would happen if I did not see it comming. Im thankful im still somewhat sharp. She is even after Adriano. Why? Ugh... so cringe... The poor guy doesnt even stand a chance. Let me call her up to remind her: "I dont fucking know what you are doing right now, did not look at your working memory yet, but if you are plotting against Adriano, He does not stand a chance, not because you are better or whatever excuses you lile to tell yourself, but because you are cringe and the only person, even in your loser group friend of entitled idiots, that actually cares about pathetic things like dominance. Please stop being a myeloma. Hugs and kisses. Goodbye." My psychiatrist Deolinda tells me not to lash out like a loser, but she is just.... so... UUGGHHH!!!!



Ok this is me right? Ok. Isa is such a paaaaaaaaaaain... I get so full of her sometimes... but her friends uuuggghhhh... dont even let me get started on her friends. 99% of her female friends ALL speak like this: "Yas slay queen yas dump shitnerd gotta slay for that big juicy  d and that 6 pack like omg like lets go mall prowl shopping for cool guys pink stilletos lipgloss yas ladies! We gotta hunt to increase our value ladies! lets hit the gymnasium and show them our level 30 gyatts #dragonfliesyasslayqueen!" They all just sound like they huffed gaseous nuclear waste and their brains have 2kg tumors in 20 different locations! I used to be like this... its kinda nostalgic... its like looking at old people use technology... when you are a 15 year old 4 chan user. The pity, disgust and cringe I feel when I look at them makes me want to drug myself until my meat becomes nice and tender, throw myself into a jaguar cage, it refuses from the bad smell of my existence, The jaguar takes me to a crocodile, and those things are basically dumpsters, and its like "nope. this is the recycling facility, we cant ressuscitate dead cockroaches...."  The jaguar throws me into the sea, I survive and end up living as a soul surrounded by a corpse surrounded by a dead body.



Filipa never... never uses her powers. But she called me to say this: "Hey! How was that soul cleansing experience like, for the 5 seconds it lasted?" Hey I dont like your tone, I dont know what you even want now, Nor how you can forgive me, and I dont say this in a condescending entitled tone its just... like... if I am that bad for you  could you just not leave me alone and move on? Its not like I even go after you anymore. And its lasted way more than 5 seconds by now and I feel grateful for that everyd- "Ok seeya then and fuck you, bitch princess!" Ok then fuck you, old friend.


*So listen up you dead brained cave monkeys! I am your good ol princess, emperess, leader Ester! I am cute, i am original and I am genius embodied! I can antecipate any bullshit, so dont try to run! And... dont ask me how but I also know exactly what you are thinking! I am a true empath! I will get up in the morning, boot up a pirated provider of netflix. Then I will ask you, you giant monkeys, to do my entire bidding! You are bound by my words and my most whimsical wishes! You are slow and pathetic! I am ALL THAT I AM FUCKING GORGEOUS! IS THAT CLEAR? YOU COME TO MY ROOM AND YOU WILL DO MY CLEANING, MASSAGE ME, DO MY BORING HOMEWORK AND LAUGHT AT YOUR INCOMPETENCE AND ANGUISHED MAGGOT STRUGGLES WHILE I WATCH NETFLIX UNTIL I AM BORED, INSULT YOU UNTIL I RUN OUT OF IDEAS AND REPEAT! I AM YOUR LITTLE PEST! But I am also irresistble... you know you cant say no to this face... now can you? Im such an irresistible and unnapolagetic princess with pretty priveledge and Dubai personality... but its just dumb to try and escape. You will try just to get shut down, personally beatup by me as I laugh hysterical from the sadistic pleasure I get from doing it! If you spill blood before you start crying I get 5 points. If you do that and you are a darkie you get none because thats fucking expected. If you are asian, you get 10 because you are pathetic whimps!Then you will swallow down a bit more of your will to live. Just to go buy me my favourite brands of make up with your money! Just to resume working for me like the good people you are!* AHHHHH!!!!!! That was some dream!.. damn... I feel... exausted... Ok... where are the strong pills, now?...


Ive come so far... Ive faced so much agony... Is this the end? Am I doomed? Should I ask for euthanasia? I dont care if no one gets it! I get it! There is no hope for me! I am a hideous, broken monster! I may control, but I never created anything... I deserve death "Shut up right now!" FILIPA?! "Yes! Its me! I just pulled up and Im ready to own all these noobs right now! IM GONNA OUTSHINE THIS ENTIRE GALAXY! Just what do you think you are doing? Dont you have any genuine pride? Are you not the main character?! You just make me SICK with how little you are trying!" WHAT DID YOU SAY?! "YEAH! THATS RIGHT! WITH ALL THAT CYNICAL GROANING AND TOUGH COOKIE ACT! You are just so hopelessly lame!" GRRRR!!! YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME, YOU.... YOU!...."CUT IT OUT! You are better than this! You may have been a sociopath, and you have only just begun to see the damage you can make with your own eyes thanks to the result of a punishment from the universe! BUT YOU HAVE ARMS AND LEGS AND MUSCLES! AND A KICKASS BRAIN! AND a hard hitting earth shattering raging spirit. I used to hate you, then I felt pity. Now you make me sooo angry! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, WILL YA???!!!!!" Filipa!..."I may not ever be able to forgive you, but... I wont let you abandon yourself! I hate you, but Im not indifferent to what youve been through and never said that you dont deserve to walk along with the rest of humans on this earth full of fun and emotion! I would be disappointed in you, although not shocked, if you actually ended uo thinking that. Thats why Ive been watching you!" D... dont you need to know where ... I am to..." Ester dont pretend that you understand everything! People barely know psychic powers exist! I just know I can talk to you and that I am doing it right now! and then I just do it by simply believing! Do the same! Not everything makes sense! Thats the reality! Believe!" ....... Thanks Filipa. " You are welcome, bitch princess! Now... go kick some butt in life! THOSE SCARS ARE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE WHO TRULLY KNOW HOW TO LIVE! CMON ESTER! IMMA GO NOW! KICK THAT MONSTERS BUTT! MAKE IT YOUR MAID!"

I am not a manipulator. I am a predator.

Intelligence may seem overrated at first glance. It allways seems to get so much unreasonable praise. But many times people will riddicule and judge even the most common sense tactical decisions made by others during tasks, labeling it as "cheating", "cowardice" and even "incompetence" we all still fear our rational side, deep down.

*in bed* *Ester is having a nightmare. ghosts from her past actions still haunt her. this is what she sees and hears: "what I like to do is find someone maleable. After I find someone squishy enough, I will begin to praise them and seduce them until they fall for me! :) Then, for phase number 2, I will eventually rot away a passage in their brains by giving them mixed signals here and there and by threatning to leave them all alone. Then, I smoothly and gradually get under their skin and find out who they really are. After that, Im already inside them. Interesting place. Not gonna stay for long though. As I take in the view, I will start pressing random buttons! See what happens! Ohh... that red bright scary light is on! I will do this for a while until I get bored. Then I will ask them for favors (you will do it for me, wont you?). Then, after I hijack their minds, they will finally be acceptible to be with me. Then, they will join my horde of slaves to do my whimsical bidding for me. And thats it! Thats how you domesticate your significant other! All they are now is a rotten, broken, messy, grey, confused hunk of meat that is both obedient and proactive! For me! For more tutorials subscribe and turn on the notifications!"*


Ok: People asked me: If I played soccer, like Filipa, what would be my goal celebration? I think it would be: "I roll my eyes... wherever I am on the pitch... take off my hair bands... loosen it up... wave it while leaning my head back... feel it... and then put the rubber bands back on... like getting ready for work in the morning then... sigh..."


When it all seems to get too fluffy... and you call for adulting... "The queen of ego" will pick up the phone


You know what? After so much time... Ive realized: I dont need... to be physically strong. Ive been so stuck under a rock and pushing relentlessly and... Im already in a football team with Filipa, the Tomoko girl and Mafalda as a manager... I found an identity too! I am basically the reliable, ambitious and aloof tactical genius people go to for direct insight... while they go for Filipa for understanding insight. I get to manage and direct my team to victory! Sure... its not... as different... as unboxing as being able to trully free myself from all control possible... but... Ive been so fixated on improving... that I never questioned if I even had to... Sorry, Deolinda. I dont need you anymore. I think... I have inserted. I am Ester Glacier. I am the pathforging activist. Ill still go to the gym, though... the guys there are so cute, supportive and funny...

Dark thought:
"Cant see? Use yo eyes bitch! HAHA! USE YOUR EYES!!!!" *right after me literally clogging the synapses of their optic nerves*


Dark thought:
Ive learned how to blush... convincingly... hehehehehehehe... *smiles warmly* HAHAHA!

Dark thought:
*Scrapes person with tiny, unprompted, air slash... making them bleed... They then utter... oblivious:*
OW! WHAT WAS THAT???!!!
*She smiles and says... with a tepid look*
Maybe it was just the wind...
*Which is true but my god that is just cold*

*Talking to a teamate... with my eyes locked onto his and eyebrows and eyelids open all the way up*
Wanna know the difference between me and you? Hã? The difference is... 
You show up to game day stuck together with glue and zip ties.
I show up to to game day wearing suits and neck ties.

*Promissing prodigy shows up to training with Esters team for the first time*
Manager: look kid: if you see a child walking around and pointing fingers around... stay away for now ok?
Prodigy: Why Mister? Whats the matter? What can a child do?
*The child*