Filipa's asskicking diary


Filipa
Type: Psychic
Age: 21 years (F)
Height: 174cm
Weight: 80kg
Very built lower body, meh core and low-meh everywhere else.
Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, with bipolarism when it comes to deciding Hedonism to the alternative. Has incredibly coehrent and smart moments (when feeling like it) and one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother. She is plotting for that goal everyday. Autistic. Clumsy. Obcessed with solving problems and Football. Let me tell you her story: There is this girl called Filipa. She is 20 years old. She is the average height for the age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation in working them out. she has an above average core, and really high endurance. She is not resiliant, nor gritty. She is rubber like. Psychologically, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy, if she really has 3 lives, her impulsiveness did not tone down 1 bit. Most of the time, she just looks like a goofy young woman who is completly unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Is clumsy. She loves 2 things: computers and endurance racing (with body. Not cars. Gets pissed off when people she is introducing herself to confuse them). Easly teasable. Easly stressed. Low defense. Very blunt. Low self awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Flashy. Non conforming. Easly mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Cant control them very well. Used to be good, but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, words and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectadly healthy sleeping habits for a 2020s bedroom programming, restless, hyperactive autistic girl. Thick legs and core. wears hoodies in summer. Comes of as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, Inflexible thinker. Straight forward. Bisexual. Had a crush In everyone in class for almost all of middleschool.
Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. "Im right until I feel like admiting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone". Has kindness for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following. Very observant. Carried a childhood full of teasing and denial of individuality, but everyday wakes up thinking: "Lets do this".


As I move through the wet pitch with blistering speed with glowing green eyes, my body runs supercharged with adrenaline and curiosity. I tackle, get tackled and feel the meat of my enemies. I dribble with chops and raw speed. I run so fast I can pass to myself. Then... I get crushed. My oponents look intimidatingly at me. I smirk and point back. My inspiration is Ben Arfa. He only trusted himself. But I also pass to my teamates when they are sexy like me. I also make a deal with them teamates to allways rail me after the match porportionally with every goal we score together. One goal, at least 3 humps (or more if we really are into it). As breakcore and brazilian funk ring in my head  wether its in an actual pitch or an empty road in those 40 celsius heat summer days, I either crush or get railed by bigger (or even smaller) boys and girls. I dont discriminate! As people utter yelling "THE FREAK IS IN OUR HALF!!!! STOP HER!!!!", 2 strides and 2 chops. I am 1v1. I lift my strong leg. I pull it so hard my body contorts. There is hunger radiating through me! I feint... I move left. My teamate shoots. The rest did not matter, as he was a carrier of really high quality and yummy meat. We got destroyed that game. We still had the orgy. My god I spent more calories and water there than in game! I love life. Specially when you can do programming puzzles and optimize my brand new algorithm: gonad fluid stack sort!


My second happiest day wearing a jersey was when I scored my first goal in a club. My first was when... well... it was full crowd, We were facing the Benfica in my age group!. We were a third division team. It was a friendly! We were pumped! almost no one from home even bothered to show up. We were focused and confident. I gave them my main character speech and got out of the lockerroom! We are in the pitch. we do the little cheesy circle sports cucks do or something. Then the game starts!!!! They are the home team so they start! Their monster forward moves with ruthless velocity! our keeper was barely awake! And he scores! Wow... they took 5 seconds to score! And 5 seconds its just the max time coaches gave us to think about the more complicated plays! So anyways, me and some teamates ran up to them and joined their celebration! We belly danced and gave a huge show! It was so mutch fun! After that game, that we tied, I got the number of that beast they call their forward Carlos! We went on a date. He is also a poet! What a beatiful man...


GOD that bitch is trying to talk to me again. "Hello, Filipa. Its Ester here! I miss you. So much. Please. Lets have lunch or something! Please! I need to see you agai-" No thank you. Although... she is not even looking at my thoughts unsolicited anymore... who cares! I wont forgive her!




I have a monster in my basement and its name is George

jet powered creativity, handcranked struggle


alcohol is as deadly as water, because both people that drink one and the other end up dead


I was unintelligent, untalented and unoriginal. Then worked myself into a mushy paste, then rebuilt myself with my own two hands full of cuts and gunk. Then was veered as a genius

Horny software inc.


Working hard is food for the soul labeled as perfectionism. Perfectionisitic obcession is nails on a chalkboard labeled as good music. Maidcore is also food for the soul. Maidcore artists are often perfectionistic. 


I was a comedian. Then I stop laughting and started crying. Now I am a poet


These are some sentences and titles and reflections from her:



I sometimes just feel like blowing up all my friends into chunks of organs, muscles and nerves



How am I so relaxed, you ask? I actually masturbate like a normal person.

Have you ever tasted someones jizz before? what about yours?



ben arfa failed because he was too good

ask me how many fucks I give and I will tell you: less and less everyday

I gave a bottle full of my squirt to a homeless man and told him it was water. He asked me for more the following day.



oh yes drop the fuel inside those two bombs of yours right into my face!


whats the size of my tits? Its double D, for dick detonators

I joined big men on a soccer game when I was 12 and got deliciously destroyed


I love being bissexual. I have more options for stress relief

I made files that build a binary tree with all my squirt jets sorted by acidity in every 2 am hot night I have had either alone or with one of my current toys

I love meat. I love growing it in me (specially in the leg and core locations). And love having it in me (That can be anywhere). But also love to apreciate it in others (specially when of good quality)















Statement.















I must become what I like to survive. I must be better. No one is gonna prescribe me how to live. Not anymore



Tenho de me tornar naquilo que amo para sobreviver. Tenho de ser melhor. E melhor que melhor. Nunca mais deixarei que me prescrevam a minha vida. Nunca mais.







Im cocky like a boy and needy like a girl. The absolute best of both worlds




I like tormenting and bullying small, special children to clone myself

resentment is a myeloma of the soul. for it to go, something else will go too








irresponsible is just an invalidating label invented by those that dont understand the ones who hate being prescribed how to live



one of the boyfriends I had when I was 15 told me that I was not weird, as was common belief among the other suckers at my class, because God decided to use me as a lab rat to test new features, but because when I was a child, I triped and fell face first into concrete, damaging my beautiful brain. Never heard sweeter words than that ever since 


people told me in my face that my lifes work was nothing more than a toy and I could not even say a word


people ask me what gender I identify myself with. I say none of the existing ones. Im just a freak





when I was a child, I triped and fell face first into concrete, damaging my beautiful brain. 


I have allways been and will allways be a cristal b****


"There are limits to shameless ness, my god! Pull yourself together!" Well... lucky me that you're not the one in charge


I am the f****** main character of this bitch, ok?! Im so awesome that I just dont leave my room because the sun would feel my heat and loop through every single physical state 3 times and end up in the liquid one. Yes,  youre damn right I can melt that hoe! Also, If you saw me wearing a maid costume right now, you would be the one serving me, you understand?


you know my ass belongs to the streets but you still cant stop looking, can you?




Oh. My. God. Who is the girl with the huge legs? please just tell me! she needs to crush me right now!

Filipa sempre que submete algo no github be like: Ok, está pronto! consegui! ! o meu filhote de duas semanas!!! os meus bébés têm de nascer e de experenciar o sofrimento  frieza, carinho e tristeza do mundo fora dos meus braços! de destruir e serem destruídos! sejam livres! vão! vão!


virtual precious memories


motherly-stack dev



Ok, I cant take it anymore! I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE! NONE OF THIS MEANS ANYTHING ANYMORE! All of this crap ive built and held on to.... just to prove some vague point in my mind... JUST LET ME EXIST GOD DAMMIT!!!! IM.... tired of this, ok? im tired...



Reason is just controlled intuition. Intuition is guessing. And the people who think guessing is dumb are the ones that, when they guess, guess too hard. That is ignorance.



Andrew Tate is only wrong about women



people often jokingly ask if I am religious. Well, I think the two most common religions I know, Christianity and Islam, are very good tools for living a balanced life, where the first one teaches you acceptance of you and others and the other teaches intuition control. Knowing that, I think I strive to be both a Christian and a Muslim in my life. Yes, I am both christian and muslim

my favourite animals to eat are snakes and oysters



who cares about what I am. whether or not I am confident, I am the same.


Weak people cry, Cold people hide, Strong people swim through life sailing on top of their tears.



I must understand... I must understand... I must understand... I must understand... what I am made of. If I figure that out, I can live in peace.



Life is a tinkering, not a solving



Playing is living Living is playing. Those who take themselves too seriously will just drag unecessary sorrow along the way. No more pretentiousness. No more ignorance. Never again


The happier, the colder. The sadder, the kinder. The smarter, the more ignorant. The dumber, the wiser.


It feels like people live as if they are constantly preparing for something. Like setting up a glitch for purpose in a game they will never really fully understand.


watching a lonely man wait for a train gives me immesurable ammounts of existential dread


when their guilt tripping does not work, they resort to direct verbal assault


being introverted is a gift everyone has


imagine growing up loveless and have people telll you that "having too mutch love" is a problem

she was like the princess of narcisism living in the castle of hate


imagine living without regrets and having people tell you that you "should live more".


imagine enjoying your live and being forced to feel guilt for the misery of who does not know how



The OS of my porn collection manager plays beautyful punk rock in the background while I rail myself with and to tasty bouncy meat. It has more bugs that my hair after I went to my girlfriends house one time this summer. Its sorted by peak volume in feminine voice frequency.


go ahead. shame me until I magically morph into something you can understand


I love gaslighting small, shy, special children until they believe that, just being alive isnt enough to count as a human being and that everything that they will ever enjoy is sin, and then watch as their immature, innocent brains nod obediently at every poisonous, invalidating word I spit out, and their sharp, accurate intuitions give them mortified looks on their faces as they stare at my rattlesnake snout of a face with an enormous, open mouthed smile and sweet looking eyes as they realize that, whatever monster they are looking at, is what they will become when they grow up, not astronauts or firefighters.





I want to gaslight one of those more serious and reserved kids until they believe that they are gay like me and that everyone was already able to tell


I was in this bus, and my day had been really stressful. So, usually, I take the two vibrators I carry on my cargo themed backpack, light em up and rub them in the sides of my forehead to relax. So that is what I did.




Sigma baby momma goals:

1- Get a man.
2- Seduce it.
3- Let it impregnate you.
4- Leave it in some ragged halleyway.
5- wait for your cub to hatch.
6- squeeze it out.
7- Baby momma!!!!!
8- Worth it????!!!

I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother I wanna be a mother. 


Ok, so I was with this gurl just chillin the two of us with my boyfriend from that week. ( they were such simps oh my gosh... , but one of them was really cute, strong, smart  hard working and open minded. The other was like a really that dumb tamagotchi that is really clumsy but also charming, a hard worker and shy. I loved both of them. ) We arrived home after kicking the absolute ass out of some 3 idiots on the local pitch. (the boyfriend is a fucking tough ass duracel, my guuuurl made absolute killer passes and I am the genius elite striker.) We arrived, and it was dinner time!!!!! So we sat down (me and bae) at my bedroom. She asked: "Ok you said wait until home!!! Can you take me to pound town right now???!!!!" I said : " Dinner first, ok?" She yeellled: "Buuuuuuut I waaanaaaa!!!! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!!!!!!" I said: "Calm down! You are specially desperate today, you know?" Now, with an even more rough and screeching, piercing tone, she yelled: "But I was salivating throughout the whole way!!! I was just thinking about how you scored all those goals and you were really amazing and I love you!!!!!!" I said: "You were amazing too you know? And that other loser was also untireable!" She said: "Buuuuuuuut!!!!... You are moooooore better!!!!!.... Ok he was essential too... I love him too... Can I f*** him too?" I replied with the most badass, hesitant, voice cracked speech delivery ever: "After dinner, ok? And value yourself more. You deserve it." She suddently got a serious expression in her face, very diferent from her terrified look she usually has. She replied, as the rooms lighting and way she shifted her head made the top half of her face a darker shade, with a smooth, deep voice: "B..But I suck! I f****** suck! I dont want to live with myself anymore! I love people! I love helping and making them happy! I dont like living without people! Why cant I live with you???? Dont leave me!!!!!" I took a smooth breather and said: "What about you? You are a person, are you not?" She replies with a sarcastic jaded tone and her usual one, mixing the two tones: "Eeeeeeeeeeeehh....... not really!!!. I dont care about myself! I hate myself!! If you think you are healing me, you are wrong! I am not like you! I cant stand being alone! Thats why I am not self aware at all! And a complete dumbass! Those words are punishing! They hurt!!!! Dont say that ever again! You leave me and I snap into a billion addictions I swear! I do volunteering because people are important! Im not!" I said: "Is that so... well... but you have to at least tolerate yourself. Do you promise you can do that? Because people are not forever, you know... Are you religious?" She replied: "Yes. How do you think I get sleep at night? I think those commercials are really really disgusting! Dirty! They tell you that you want this! You want that!  You want whatever, whenever, howmutchever... What about them?????!!!!! When do they get stuff?" I asked again: "Did you understand my question?" She replied: "I said that yes, I am religious... what about it?" I insisted: "People are not forever. Do you get that?" She was speechless. She got an angry face and pulled back a fistful of rage. And started punching and yelling repeatadly with unhinged cadence and face, with despair on the voice: "SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP!!!!!!!!!!!" She then started crying her lungs out like a grieving animal. After ten minutes of agony, she got tired and collapsed on the ground, asleep. She woke up in the dinner table after sleeping for 1 hour. My boyfriend and I were done. I had yet to heat her food up. It was chicken pot pie. My boyfriend loved it. I thought it was kinda mid. She had not tasted it yet. Reflexively, but calmly, as soon as she rubs her eyes, starts eating up. her face was red. After eating for 10 minutes, She gets up and goes to the bathroom. She gets tricked up by the placement of everything. With the previous soft voice, but now in a calm and softly spoken manner, mumbles: "Where am I?" Omg she was looking sooooooo cute! I could almost devour her! Anyway... she continues, still calmly: "What house is this? Was I kidnapped? Have they tortured me? My head hurts... Wait!..... A-" She instantly switches to panic mode, her face goes pale, almost dead like, she then looks in every direction. She breathes very shallowly and quickly. She pisses herself. She looks at me. Her face goes red then... just stands there. My boyfriend and I approach her calmly. When we get close enough, she sucker punches me and my-boyo-boy. Boyscout boy said, calmly, slightly off tone: "Remember me? Im Filipa's dirt rag! You are Filipas favourite doll! We kicked their asses! Remember?"  continues "We are your threesome buddies! Oh and this is Filipa!" Points at me who is pointing at me simultaneously. Me and princess awkwardly stare at each other for like 10 seconds.( This was tense af frfr ) It felt like approaching a wounded wild animal. She then comes to her senses... and says, coming back to the jagged and screechy voice she got us used to: "OH... S...S...SORRY!!!! M...MY BAD! ARE... YOU O...KAY? PLEASE DONT GO!!!" WE ARE STILL F...F******, RIGHT?" I amusingly replied: "You dirty, dirty, dirty girl... yes. But you gotta outlast this guy first!" Cumbomb points at self, all proud and shit, with a huge, idiotic looking grin on his face. Can you take him on first? You can.. ri-" She snaps saying, like a scared squirrel...: "Me and the loser are on the same team, right?" The loser points at her, all cocky, and says with the most badass aura surrounding him: "You betchiam, screechess!" She starts hyperventilating, and after 5 breaths, she stops, and then looks at douchekid. She stares at him with blunt-shroom-esque eyes for like 6 seconds, rushing then at him, taking him down. She shakles him to the ground, with her hands on his wrists and her  shins on his thights, looking at him in hunger. She then starts making strange noises. Gets off him, with him looking awkward and shy (so cuuuuuuute!!!! They are like my two little pets. I wish they could have had a fight... I wonder who would win... He is cocky but is also clever. She can be persuasive and is taller. He is a boy. She is in gymnastics. He is mentally strong. She cries easly. He is heavier. She is more nimble. Who actually cares though, it never happened so it does not matter anymore.). I am bored so Im just gonna finish this: We had the hottest fucking threesome in all of the Earth and she came 3 times, He came 4 and I came 2. My room smelled disgusting after. It was so much fun! Goodbye!



"Main character" is my emotional warcry of self love. "Kicking ass" is my emotional warcry of determination.


I need movies


When we are together, every struggle feels like vague nonsense and I get lighter than air. Please abduct me! Please kidnap me. Please! Take me with you!


Hello I am Filipa! I have nothing to do with her but Im gonna tell you an episode involving Sofia.
Me. My boyfriend from that week and my crush were in a cycling race, some months ago from my boyfriends house in Lourinhã, Portugal to Praia do Paimogo. We were in the middle. Of a climb. My boyfriend was pulling and crush was taking on a guy from the other team way up in front. The other team had some girl, who I thought was a huge bitch, but was just high off lonelycaine and a girl, who I wanted to be eaten alive by, who was basically a teenage girl with the personality of a supportive dad. She told me all about the suposed bitch. Heck... these people have names... I am Filipa, My boyfriend was Adriano, my crush was Tomas, the guy was Duarte. The loner was Sofia. And the other girl was Joana. Everyone grew a beard during that day. So, Tomas was taking on this guy. I have psychic powers and I was zoning out while resting my legs. Beside talking to the soul of my parents (we were good... we were allways good... *sniff* anyway...) accidentally, I eavesdropped on the two guys in front. Tomas had morphed into this wild animal, very diferent from his usual alloof self, who was hungry, desperate for something only he knew. He muttered, with violent raging swings from his legs as he pedaled with all his might uphill, with the smooth motion of a pebble tied by a string pulled by hercules himself: "clutter, clutter, clutter... I need to burn away... all the clutter. It will all disapear. It must all disappear!!! I WILL TURN INTO A PERFECT BULLET AND EAT THE FINISH LINE! EVERY CELL IN MY BODY! GIVE ME POOOWWWEEERRRR WRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!" The other guy, who wasnt in a cycling team Like Tomas, struggled to keep up as he was a muscular, tanky type of body. He muttered: "My words. They dont exist. But I matter. If I stay quiet I will win. All these people and all their complicated words... I never understood anything anyone has ever told me! Heck... thats why I am a rugby player I am just an animal! I dont feel pain ok? Im fine! but... why...is... nobody proud of me? That makes me angry! I will SHOW THEM!!!!!! I MUST!!!! A-" He muscles his way SCREAMING IN PAIN uphill like the gigantic idiot as overtakes Tomas in three strides  just before the descent. Tomas was concerned. "if he realises he can just pull away by not pedaling here  Im toast. heck... throw away all the clutter. Keeping him behind may work... but its a waste of energy. I must catch up uphill. The last summit of this checkpoint. Before the last duel" because Tomas was such a genius, he only lost 50 meters to Duarte. On the last climb, clutterboys and mute idiots fought it out for ultimate glory, but in the end, muscleman took an L and was ego-hospitalized for that day. should I keep going? Yes. Those two found it too mutch and took the day off. The 4 remaining continued. After Joana told me about Sofia, I and her decided to leave them alone. Sofia was the bitch, but also a poor innocent little girl who had no choice. Adriano, my bff (boyfriend forever) was the poor little boy who does not have the courage to give himself choice. Who wins? Let me give you the rundown: Adriano was naturally unathletic, but also completly masochistic. Sofia enjoys making friends in battle, but is a powerhouse. If Adriano, who had a crush on her can overcome his doubt, will become insanely powerful. She has nothing. Nothing else to worry about, and also nothing to lose. Adriano seems to get more powerful the more he suffers. And he pulled like a domesticated horse from the start. Sofia did not raise a damn finger the whole way (just in the start.) But, in the end, she is not even the most athletic of their team. We had my crush, Tomas, a professional cyclist now, taking care of the tactical stuff for us to avoid surprises. But Sofia is a prodigy genius and sports are her lair. We could have Tomas just anihalate her, but Adriano is the same as Sofia: They have diferent origins, but they are both resentful, angry, and very lonely. In the twisted battle of tormented souls, who prevails: The self induced loner, or the closeted arrogant loner? We wanted to know. And they both needed to settle this by themselves. So they finally pass by the second climb, the last one. Sofia then TELEPORTS forward, leaving Adriano in the dust. Adriano's spirit kicks the bucket and replies with slight acceleration. But he is also just getting started. Im gonna tell the rest of the story from the perspective of the their thoughts that I shamelessly eavesdropped with my psychic powers: "I cant feel my legs. I cant feel my face, I cant even convince me that this is worth it. But she is there. Right there. What if I just got... closer?" He then accelerates more, and more and more! He gets within 20 meters of Sofia, Who saw him coming and pulls away. Something then clicks (or dies) in Adriano : "HHAHAHHAHAHA!!!! NOW WHERE ARE YOU GOING! IM EXAUSTED, YOU KNOW?" are you, really, Adriano? ok sorry for my anoying interrupting "IM GOING TO POUND YOU, EAT YOU ALIVE AND I DONT CARE IF YOU TASTE DISGUSTING LIKE EVERYONE SAYS! I NEED TO REACH YOU! I NEED TO FEEL YOUR INNARDS!!!! I KNOW YOU ARE CALLING ME!!!!" He pedals with all of his frail spirit and energy put into use, smashing pedals and shaking violently with brutal movements. Sofia, looks back at him with fascination. He did not back down or lose hope. She mutters with an open smile: "Finally!" Then shouts with excitment and a bit of delirium mixed in: "COME GET ME YOU SHITNERD! COOOOMMMMEEE GEEET MEEE YOU LOOOOSSSEEEERR!!!!!!!!" Even with her pedaling her lungs out, at 1km from the finish line, he is right on her ready to blow past her back! (pause) She sprints, he sprints, she sprints He sprints. SHE SPRINTS, HE SPRINTS (omg this is amazing hihihihiihihi.... ahem... anyway) He thinks: "Ok... im ready to take you on! I am tired of the doubt. I rather mourn than be bitter! Im not gonna regret! Im not gonna suffer anymore! UURRRRRAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!" At 100 m from the finish line, they both scream! "IM NOT A TENNIS BALL!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH-" They both pedal, and pedal, and pedal, on top gear, their lungs, their muscles, the meat, the sweat, the taste of metal, the airstream. Everything becomes slow for a moment. Adriano already has deaf legs. They wont listen. Sofia feels more alive than ever. This is what she allways wanted! They pedal and pedal.... pedal... pedal, pedal, pedal, pedal pedal pedal pedal. PEDALPEDALPEDALPEDALPEDAL!!!!!!! AS THEY BOTH SCREAM, THEY CROSS THE LINE SCREAMING "FREEEEEEE MEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!" With.... Sofia winning. Everything then goes quiet. Sofia behind him but beyond the finish line, mutters: "im... sorry. thanks." falling from the bicycle. Adriano then also falls, muttering "Its okay.".


You know? I did not like the turbulence of my infancy. But I like the result. This is what I am now and I have no regrets


"Come on! Just sit still and quietly down watching the other team play, Filipa!" SHUT UP! FINE JUST GIVE ME A BENCH TO SIT AND... I WILL PROBABLY GET UP IMMEDIATLY TO CATWALK AIMLESSLY AGAIN *Catwalk by Naite the maid starts playing*



"So you think you are the main character, huh?! Very funny! No one is the main character! In this world we are all pathetic! Just accept it! Like... you cant even prove you are the main character!" No...  no i cant. But YOU ALSO CANNOT PROVE THAT I AM NOT! So I will just believe it! I will believe it and crash into every wall that appears in my path filled with a burning desire to become awesome! And I will actually become awesome! Im not gonna just stand and hide behind a screen like a office worker! Im not gonna hide from pain behind layers of abstraction like a stupid dumb philosopher! I wont hide behind sarcasm and cynnicism like a talk show commedian! I am not gonna achieve awesomeness to just have it! Because I BELIVE I AM THE MAIN CHARACTER SO I! AM! THE MAIN CHARACTER! AND WHEN MAIN CHARACTERS DO MAIN CHARACTER SHIT, EVERYTHING BECOMES POSSIBLE, MILLIONS OF COLOURS SUDDENTLY FILL EVERYONES EYES AND INCREDIBLY BEAUTIFUL THINGS HAPPEN! IM NOT GONNA ACHIEVE, DISSOCIATE OR CONQUER! I WILL BECOME AWESOMENESS ITSELF! I AM FILIPA!


One for a very cocky girl: "So anyways... I score my shitty tap in right? So then... what Filipa, the queen of earth does is, stamp on the ground with her dominant tree trunk leg, like stomping on an ant, then point down. 'stay down! SHUSH! STAY DOWN' Walk away pointing at that spot. Trot to a camera, blow a kiss do a bit of hip dancing grabbing my own hair, then smile in a cocky way, spelling out "LGHF (let girls have fun, a popular meme on my socials)" On the camera using a very think lip gloss I carry with me just for this specific ocasion."

Filipa! you hear this? The man says that YOU SLAY! Filipa: "What else was he suposed to say?"


Omg people are so ANNOYING WITH YOUR GAYS AND TRANS AND LGBTQIH TV HD 1080!!!!! I AM more of a LPHF kinda person, ya know? As in... LET PEOPLE HAVE FUN!


You bet. Next up is filipa! A hyperactive  dynamo psychic with a persona mixed with goofy and edgy with one hell of an attitude. She is bi, she is teasable and she enjoys going blow for blow with whoever as long as they keep up! Dont get too close (she can pick locks remotely with telekinesis so it does not really matter... also she is not really repressed, she just really loves f***ing. And she takes no prisioners!). She enjoys programming, bodybuilding and sports! She is somehow both kind and aloof, loves asking weird ass questions and analyzing people, is curious, both braindead goofy and philosopher deep. She has difficulty adulting and is a huge brat. She wears hoodies anytime she is not playing sports (excluding showers and beach but thats about it!). People complain about what they perceive as childishness, recklessness or even arrogance. Wherever she goes she always has the look of someone who has genuenly already seen it all! If she feels you dont give her enough affection, she will come back home and rage journal about you, but if she then hears knocking on her door, because she is so hyperfixated on everyone she has  met or spoken to during the day, specially you, she will drop everything and... "Omg... these flowers....they are ugly! *adjusts them* My bed is a mess! *Speedruns making her bed, fetches drinks, fetches food, makes table* *Opens door while looking like crap* *Its... the mailman... with the playing card set she ordered like 2 months ago*. Also... she is 21 (F), 175cm, 78kg, very muscular on the legs, somewhat ignores arms, built back and core. My god she looks like mewtwo! Legs are soo out of porportion with the rest... Thats what she wants though so..., She wears cargo pants, sneakers, hoodies, has jade retinaless eyes, small nose, always has a distant aloof look on her face which is absolutely different from how she engages with people, with her witty, visceral and raw charm. Playful and clumsy. Very upset at "casuals". Very distracteable and teasable. Has received lots of complaints from the people she speaks to that she is way too....blunt and raw and bordering on inconsiderate sometimes (and many times, even if only trying to have fun, very inconsiderate). Ok I think thats all