I feel confused. My mind is hazy. I feel angry, but the anger is so elusive, vague, weak but also acidic. My thoughts are all blended into eachother and tell me nothing. I dont know what the next step is. I dont have any clarity. I struggle to make sense and to understand. I struggle to cope with insects inside me teasing. I try to understand them, but they dont make any sense. I see images of all the people I miss. I enjoy talking to some of them. Others not so much. I spent my whole day distracted and indulged. I also overslept. Today, I simply had a day. I did not feel directed to anything, punished by anything, rewarded by anything, I did not feel empty because I felt something inside, Its just that it was rotting and mushy and smelled like mushed bananas mixed with soap. I tried to get some work done and did... something. But I could not focus. I just felt like working, then felt like distracting until I got morbidly bored, then I felt like working again. Sometime between the sunrise and the sunset, I had my only meal of the day: Pizza, supermarket soup and a banana. That was actually when I was at the peak of my powers today. I could not even muster myself to do... nothing for an hour like I had promissed myself. At least I showered and did the dishes and went shopping... But... nothing else. The whole day, just bored, with vague thoughts of hazy anger that just rotted away and melded with the rest of my soul. Everything... the same... shade of grey. Joy? Pain? Self hate? Excitement? Anger? All of it? What? Real? Fantasy? Liquid? Solid? A cloud? A mountain? My crush? My friends? My idols? Just me? Anyone else? I screamed and no one reacted. I felt like I was in jail, except I had autonomy. Ok yeah I was literally in jail. I wish I could have written some more, but I am out of inspiration. I am out of zest. I am just waiting for my blemish cream to dry up so I can lay my face on my bed. At least I showered and did the dishes, right? Is confusion, hazyness and weak anger... what is the purpose of any of this? This is the worst. I am so unbelievably bored. Goodnight.