Diary of gods fallen angel! Behold mortals, as your wallnut sized noggins melt struggling to comprehend my GENIUS!


I sit bored in my room after work day. This pacient was one of many I INSPIRED WITH MY MAIN CHARACTER SPIRUTUAL PRESSURE! HE WAS DOWN IN THE DUMPS THEN I CAME IN CLUTCH AND BROUGHT HIM BACK TO A BEAUTIFUL WORLD! YEA IM BUILT LIKE THAT!!!! But... its because of what his problem was. I knew just how to fix it. It felt... personal. I connected with the problem. He was struggling with existential dread. He was a 13 year old boy... wanting do die because... he thought that... thats what we all come here to do anyway. What I told him does not matter. I felt like I planted a good seed and Im just hoping for the best in the coming sessions. I also remembered about the beauties of life myself. Fun with pals, running like a decapitated chiken while you scream out your favourite song with a KILLER ANGELIC VOICE THAT MELTS GODS HEARTS! Playing videogames in your room, watching kids outside doing dumb things while you are a full on grown ass civilian working already, forgetting that and joining on the teenage stupor, visiting the local  highschool to observe and think about how much I missed out on... ahh... lifes good.... no one ever say that lifes not good... 



Can I even perform? Ok I filled out some paper... and apparently that was enough to be spat out into a therapy office. Aw man... how did I even get here? Mom? Dad? is there school tomorrow?


Life goes so fast... Outside of work, all I do is run around, watch anime and eat. I am 17 and I did not even leave my parents' house yet. I cannot speak with my highschool friends because they all thought I was annoying and were glad to be "freed from her". I spend my days melting in the sun, soaking in the rain and cars keep passing me by. All people around me talk to eachother and I participate using my immagination. I am a genius. Now where is the prize?


Deolinda: "If she studies basic biology... maybe a mix between nutricionist and a cheerleader coach?"


Deolinda: "As a clown... she would be ideal. As a comedian, she would receive more money. As a youtuber, she would be known by all. But as a therapist.... eeeeeeeehhhhh...."

Goku is my mentor and naruto is a mood. Akui the maid is my hero