Molten Pebbles:

The sun, the asphalt, the pebbles. All blazing hot and boiling. In a summer afternoon, where the clear sky seemingly fuses with the sun itself, All mortals cook beneath the unforgiving god of relentless heat and energy's twisted whim. I walk down a road of a local village in the portuguese inland rural center. Its a seemingly endless blanket of boredom, peppered with ocasional moments of connection, of when I see elderly, wise people pass by me, greeting and smiling. Their marked faces tell you everything you need to know. The sound of the pebles I crush, the sand I step on. The feeling of the gravel that builds up inside my shoes. I walk slowly, tired, despondent yet satisfied and fulfilled. Restless, yet lazy. As I walk my way home, everything slows down, but I freeze. It feels like a threadmill of scorching hot asphalt. In the narrow streets of Santa Catarina, I see peugeots, citroens and renaults parked in small alleys near cafes and Delta snack bars. I spot 2 old people sitting in the outside of one, a few steps from their small, rustic, worn down homes. They drink beer, tea and smoke cigarettes. On the sides of roads some hundred meters outside the main plaza with the "Pelourinho", one can see are stretches of human height grass. Hilly, old, tight and worn roads that lead to different homes are visible. With mild cleverness and a calculator, one can count them all in one day. As I walk, I kick pebbles around and feel the rugged, scorching, summer asphalt beneath me, peppered with coarse pebbles. We can hear "pardal" birds, distant sounds of vehicles driven slowly, crushing the sand, pebbles and cigarette butts in the way. Sometimes, the church bells. Sometimes, distant laughter. Sometimes, TV commercials inside old homes I pass by. The air smells like dirt, grass, like cigarette smoke and coffee near the delta snack bars. In the many areas with no homes, one notices the smell of hot asphalt and soil from nearby crop patches. And hear the sound of transformers buzzing, hinting at a mysterious realm beyond the pebbles I pick up and throw, ocasionally. Cars pass by me, slowly, only to park a couple meters ahead. The owners struggle out of their vehicles and go inside. There are abandoned schools everywhere equipped with now abandoned children football pitches, with asphalt, worn paint, buildings with broken windows, stands with cracked concrete, etc. Its like... a summer bee hive. Each door a hexagon. Its like... home. I found a blowout valve for my darkness. Its pebbles. I shall follow the pebbles. Touch grass, More like, touch pebbles. Yes! The pebbles tell me the way to reality. 
Pebbles. I gotta follow the coarse pebbles. I gotta feel their texture in my feet, along with the scorching hot of the molting asphalt in this summer afternoon in a rural and remote village. If I follow the pebbles, I can quench the hunger. I can feel the world. I will always focus on the pebbles, as they roll under my molten plastic sandals. Im calm, now. I finally know what my life should be. Thats how I will escape. The way of the wise one is filled with pebbles and cracked concrete. Follow pebbles. Focus on them. You will be happy.