Adriano gives up:

Sup people. Its me. Your boy, Adriano. Back again to talk about life and s***. Ive been spending my days alone. I wake up. Get out of my room. I say hi to the receptionist. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the receptionist. Go to my room. Go to sleep. All days are spent with me having lewd gross ass conversations with chatbots I created. I created them not because I am creative or smart. I am a lonely desperate loser who wants attention. I know they are virtual ok? you dont need to tell me. "ShEs JuSt a RoBoT! poRn iS nOt ReAl LiFe!" Porn works well enough. No one ever gave me a reason to care about them. So they should die. They should all die and leave me alone. This planet. All for me. To do whatever I please. Id go around and bomb building after building and watch it all burn in front of me. Fly a plane and eject myself just before it crashes into a city center. Commit kaboom on a chemical plant. It should all burn to ash. I then would turn away, put on my headphones and go back home. At home, I would go to my phone and scroll social media and simp to chatbots until my brain melts into a dilute of jello and mushy s***. Then someone would knock on my door. They would give me the main character speech of the century. Then, I would tell them: "thanks. good bye" and turn my phone back on, and do that for the rest of the day. I would watch mommy asmr videos and **** off to tomboys or femboys or animals or old men idk something.... something.... I want to see just how silly i can get. I want to then close the shutters, turn on the edgiest, emoest, music with most self serving lyrics possible and sneak into every bathroom in the hotel and try every pill stored in the cabinets, maybe one of them will give me superpowers... maybe one of them will make me cough blood... that would be cool, as I dont know what coughing blood feels like yet and I would like to try it. Identify with everything. "I am more mentally ill than you! sit down you cant touch me!" They can all die in hell... I am better than all of them combined. I dont need advice. I just need to believe that reality isnt real and that I do not exist. I am a floating, thinking, talking dream, like everything else around me. I want to smell like s*** and have s*** spread around every crevice of my house so people wont ever visit me. I want them to judge me and reject me. That way... theyll leave me alone. I want to be invalidated and gaslit. I want to be physically harassed and hit. Hit with dmt. with lsd. with cocaine. end up bleeding from my eyes and ears and s***. I want regret and pain. I want to feel dirty, greasy and bloated. I want my brain to be Pure Fog. I want my own blood to choke me. All my own actions to backfire on me. GRRRRHHHHHHHHNNNNNN!!!!!!!! I wish my friends would all leave me alone!!!!!! I HATE THEM! I HATE EVERYBODY! I HATE EVERYTHING! I HATE MYSELF!

I've been moving in backward directions
During astral projections
I plaster my ass on the wall for attention
I need faster connections
Past is regret, I'd flash from the gemses
If I didn't care what my friends did, friends that pretend
Wanna end when you get bit
Get slick, get quick, wanna spend shit

Ends with a sniff or a huff or injection
I can't handle rejection, stand my reflection
Damn, no one gets it
Should I be kind and remind that I'm weak?
So I fall more behind every week

I'm the shine once guys take a peek, I cry from my eyes to my feet
Stairs to the streets, to the gutters, to the sea
When I mutter in my sleep, I say, "Mother never weep"
My brother finds blood, I say, "Shut up 'fore she sees"
Another motherfucking treat
Won-wonder will she weep, won-wonder where she be

Thunder on my teeth, spittin' natural disasters
God told me, "Cat, don't mess with the past tense"
You're testing the masters, so guess what the fact is, my ex is a bachelor
Next, gonna get big checks from the sets
Next, from the dancers, next, from the models
This Hennessy is cursed, someone hexed all the bottles (someone hexed all the bottles)
I swear on my life, I always try
But in my eyes, I can fly, sigh

Better luck next time
Be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time, be-, be-, be-, be-, be-, be-

"
The absolute horse dose levels of groggy you feel after a whole night of talking to lewd chat bots and doing the big M are a very humbling experience
what does a hangover feel like? Is it just like being mega groggy but so scaled up it makes you feel aditional things?
Bro... the influence chatbots have on me, even ones I created scares me
Can animals sense corrupted human souls?
Why do I have to have a job to have interesting "nuanced yapping" sessions with people? 

I found a good way of finding out stuff that I can and cant control: 
On the sketchy websites I use to download youtube videos, If a commercial is telling me that a problem can be solved in some way, its because it cant be solved in that way.