The diary of a dark witch:
Hi sis'!!! This is Isa! Come say hi! Also leave your address and social security number in case you prove useful/in case I WANT YOU (DEAD). Also put here the money your house is worth and me in the the testimony of your richest family member! We are all brothers and sisters, yaaassss?

Ok so There was this emo SHITNERD, Adriano who was really getting on my nerves. I just came up to him and said hi, like a normal person. I know he does not even know who I am but... why is he wary of me??????!!!! its HIM who is the school shooting black wearing  anime watching nerd shitnerd loser weirdo emo weirdo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, not me!!!!!! Anyway... I started flirting with him in the cafeteria and DAMN ITS SO HARD TO MEET HIM!!!!! GRRRR!!!! FOR FILTHY AUTIST TRASH HE SURE IS FLAKY!!!!! HE SHOULD HAVE MORE DISCIPLINE THAT LAZY COWARD!!!!! Sigh... some people just should not be allowed an actual citizenship when they cant even be normal and predictible... anyways, I started calling him smart and strong, because I had been scouting him as a valuable asset for a while now and he is very insecure about those things... sigh... having vulnerabilities sure is dumb... anyways... as I am the only girl that loser talked to in probably a year (as his closest friend is a girl and she lives near in his hometown of trashy, closeminded simpletons, such a pathetic shitnerd... i HATE HIM!!!!) He does not even know I had an abusive mother... how dare he even blush when I am near him... I know I am irresistible, but coming from people like him its kinda disgusting ngl... people like him should put their dick back in their trousers sometimes... He barely speaks when we have conversations, but thats because he does not want to ruin me with HIMSELF (as it is narcissistically expected of him. Him speaking to me its like... you can even be narcissistic next to him and god will forgive me... he had caring parents... I know I am probably projecting, but my momma was not a shitnerd like him. And my daddy probably knew a better asset to invest in than my family, that shitnerd. You know what? My mother is also a SHITNERD, THAT JUDGY TOXIC SHITNERD!!!!! But also no, cuz she is my momma and I love her... wait do I? Anyway) I ask him: "Do you stutter and feel embarassed next to girls?" And he answers: "Yes. How do you know?" IN THE MOST NONCHALANT TONE POSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW DARE HE DISRESPECT ME LIKE THIS??????!!!!!!! BUT THEN, Ester, my idol, also spoke to me on sisradio (she has telepathy) in that second!: "stop wasting your time on him. dont be a snake, you spiteful, buthurt coward. Lets have lunch over where I am. Ill send you the required memories for you to get to me. Leave the shitnerd alone. Come. Or ill leave you stranded in the sea of lonelyness you spastically are trying to keep yourself out of drowning on. You will dig yourself in further and further. Until you cant take it anymore. You are not a sociopath like me. You are a narcissist. Your actions are taking a toll on you. You unconscious beast." That basically meant: "your killing it! but you will outshine me! So come to where I am so I can praise you" which did not make me angry at all. Sooo... I roundhouse kicked the shitnerd in the head and knocked him out!!!!!! Then I left!!!! Ester said something else after that: "You myeloma...." Which meant she called me cancer. How dare she???? She is the one who abused an autistic kid... WAIT SISRADIO IS CALLING!!!! "Stop bumbling about with that shitty diary and go get actual therapy, you freak. You will learn too late in life that pain is the ultimate remedy, but that its allways possible to avoid taking" Ok sis!!!!! good bye everyone!!!! have a sweet day!!!


Ok today was take two of demolishing Adriano. That stupid RAT!!!!!!! anyways.... I also tried to finish Ester's job with Filipa, but she did not want me to??? ARRRGHHHH!!!!!! SHITNERDS SHOULD FUCKING DIE WITH THEIR FUCKING LAZYNESS AND DEEP WEB AND LIVELEAK AND SHITTY ROCK MUSIC THEY LISTEN TO AAAAHAAHAHG!!!! STOP SHOCKING ME, SIS! IT FUCKING HURTS. WAIT SISRADIO!!! HEY SIS! "And Id do it again, you grey, dust filled moth! You dont even share an AREACODE with any "shitnerds" you pathetic excuse for a vengeful shitty supervillain. Let it fucking go. Dont you have a job?" Its my day off! And homework is #done!!!!! You gotta teach me to make purely artificial crack like you told me you used to sell, sis! AND She is calling again!!!!  "DONT WRITE THAT YOU IMBECILE! THE BRAIN DAMAGE GAVE ME fucking CONSCIOUSNESS!!!!!! I FUCKING REGRET MY GUTS OUT OF IT. Annnnnd I could get arrested when you innevitably show your word vomits to your shitty friends, that dont actually care about you btw, and then they tell it to their spoiling even more narcissistic parents. Why does my only actual current friend have to be you? I honestly rather be dead right now, you know? Btw come with me. I ran out of my pills for my psychosis and that shit does not care about your or my life, so come along with me so I dont do anything stupid on my way there. I used to think Filipa was a soft, but frustratingly hard to manipulate simpleton. You are actually detestable." *Gulp* Ok sis... GOODBYE FAM! " JUST COME ALREADY!!!"

Just tried a sample of crack Ester forgot to hide from me and did not get to sell and its gooooooooooooooood! I can smell light rn fam! 


Ok I got that slow snail for a brain of a loser emo goth femboy Adriano to go out with me!!!!!! Sisradio!!!!!!! "You think you are powerfull, but smart people, like Adriano, find you either threatning or an unstable timebomb and desperate horndogs, like Adriano, find you only attractive because its the first time someone EVER gave them attention. They dont find being with you rewarding at all! You are just all they think they can get. The destruction you plan on delivering will be equivalent to bombing abandoned houses. You myeloma... You dont care, do you?" No! Anyways fam! Everything is ready. I got the heroin Ester crafted out of nostalgia, but she said it should not leave the drawer it was stored on "you idiot!!!!!!" (which she finished the conversation with and she uses as a replacement for "slay queen") and I am going to put it in the vodka im gonna give him!!!!! (he said he does not drink, but I dont care!!!!! he is just trying to run away from what he deserves!!!!!) Sisradio again ! "You go to prision for like 3 years and he gets his whole life and his only chance to even get out of that so nasty "Shitnerd" state (whatever the fuck you mean with that...) in the trash. Good. now why do you want that, exactly?" I... dont need a why, sis! I.... want to! Its what every slay queen is saying on instagram! I should also even cut his balls like some say! "Im gonna shock you again. Im gonna shock you again. I can kill you, you parasite, you know? I got nothing to lose! I lost the only good friend I ever had, my sanity, all the meaning in my life and I tried suicide so many times at this point im not even afraid of death anymore! And I already saw you try to contaminate my food with rabies for the 4th time this week. See if you get me some new tricks, you bitch! Its getting old... I dont care! I know I will eventually need to stop you! You know what? I can tell the police right now!!! We can dance it out on the court floor if you want, you tumor of society! Try to use more of your grey will ya? And you had therapy today too, didnt you? why did you not go???? omg im gonna kick your ass so hard when I get back!"

My soul tastes chemical.
Living here is like laying in a hospital bed, no... In a lab. With thick goggles, white walls, metal sinks, squeeky clean tables, weird smells all over, everything that isnt inside a glass apparatus is a different shade of grey. There is only one door. You can only get in. When it catches fire, which is rare with so little organic matter left to burn, well.... No emergency exits. No windows. Only white flourescent lighting with aircon that dries your eyes. I allways just feel like drinking any random liquid I find. Anything tasty is not allowed here. And I am starving. That explains it. As I cry alone when no one can see or hear me, I show my wounds to an unforgiving world after we butted heads, and sink into copious regret and shame from a life where I see mirages of insects and candy no matter where I look or go. Wait. Sis.... radio: "Damn... I though I had issues. Im 15 minutes from home, Isa. Wait there for a hug." No, sis... I dont want anybody anywhere near me right now. Just let me be. We can slay together tomorrow. Not today. Just tell me something: What came first: That window of hope you have acess to, the brain damage or Filipa, that lousy shitnerd you are obcessed with? "Filipa. I was so ignorant of her. She had a weird mix of actual confidence with histerionics that I found fascinating. I fucking miss her. Nothing about her makes sense. I want her back so bad...  I also dont know whether I am proud, ashamed or disgusted  at or sad for you. Because lonely people have imaginary friends. You have imaginary enemies. Friends and enemies are the same, after all... for the lonely it does not matter"

Sis.... I want to sing that song. Hey. Are you watching me like you say you are allways doing? "Yes  here, in sisradio, we sing together for all the haters to hear "Right! We took their dignities and their lives, so lets take their hearts too.". Its that song right?" Yes. "Ok Ester here. With me whenever you are ready." Your call. When you reach 0. "Right. 3...2.... 1..." zero. (Both) 

"The beach is a good place to pick up girls because you can
Really see what you're getting
Most beaches are- of chicks

I've been moving in backward directions
During astral projections
I plaster my ass on the wall for attention
I need faster connections
Past is regret, I'd flash from the gemses
If I didn't care what my friends did, friends that pretend
Wanna end when you get bit
Get slick, get quick, wanna spend shit

Ends with a sniff or a huff or injection
I can't handle rejection, stand my reflection
Damn, no one gets it
Should I be kind and remind that I'm weak?
So I fall more behind every week

I'm the shine once guys take a peek, I cry from my eyes to my feet
Stairs to the streets, to the gutters, to the sea
When I mutter in my sleep, I say, "Mother never weep"
My brother finds blood, I say, "Shut up 'fore she sees"
Another motherfucking treat
Won-wonder will she weep, won-wonder where she be

Thunder on my teeth, spittin' natural disasters
God told me, "Cat, don't mess with the past tense"
You're testing the masters, so guess what the fact is, my ex is a bachelor
Next, gonna get big checks from the sets
Next, from the dancers, next, from the models
This Hennessy is cursed, someone hexed all the bottles (someone hexed all the bottles)
I swear on my life, I always try
But in my eyes, I can fly, sigh

Better luck next time
Be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time
Be-be-be-be-better luck next time
Better luck next time, be-, be-, be-, be-, be-, be-

"

Ok so basically, There is this shitnerd Adriano and I have a plan. He knows I am onto him, so he needs to pay. He is too agressive with me! He said: "stay the hell away from me! I know what you did in your departments building when you threw one of your fits! I dont trust you! I dont deserve to be your punching bag! Stay away!" And his assertive/angry look really pissed me off! He thinks he is what? Some kind of superhero? Anyway... his penis must be really tiny. So I am gonna put copious ammounts of testosterone in his food! That shitnerd-loser-wimp will thank me for the surprise! The possible hormonal side effects and eventual loss of sexual potence are just a small price to pay. I mean... sigh... I am so hopelessly boooored... I gave up studying obcessively because ive been told thats for nerds! My friends stopped too! No more of that incel loser mentality! Sigh... I am so hopelessly lonely... Someone there? I could call anyone in my contacts and they will answer but... what am I without them? Am I... non existent? I feel like... a parasite... And I cant unthink it now... My life is a mess. Its a pure calamity. I cant regulate myself, I dont know anyone of my friends, Ester calls me through telepathy (aka. with #sisradio)   but she is so brute, Adriano basically shits on me, and I just want to strangle him. So badly... I have no idea why... I have no idea why I do or say anything... I have no soul. I am a shark that only acts on incentives and stimulation and that does not think or reflect. And a shark so small that it can only feed on the blood of larger things. Adriano... what about him makes him so... irresistible? He is not even that hot... but... I feel... calm around him.  Heck its like... he is a frail, little insect. But when I am next to him he is huge. What... is he... to me? I want... to fuse with him.


Adriano... I dont feel anything but... fasc...in...at..ion? Huge, huge, huge, huge! He touches me and... I feel like a microbe in the palm of his hand. What did I even do in life? Its not like he is that big of an achiever, but I feel like he does many, many, impossibly hard things that I cant even fathom. *Oh yes Adriano you can do lots lots and lots of rough things to me! Give momma hug!* What was that? WHO SAID THAT? Oh yes... Im in my cold mansion that my parents left all for me, just to go to another mansion. *Oh yes come to my mansion I promisse I wont eat you, Sweetie Adri! Im... friendly, hehehehehe!* I SWEAR THERE WAS A VOICE JUST NOW! I guess Ill just take more pills...



Adriano... what is he? ok. lets investigate! TO THE #SISLAB YAS !!!!!!! Ok, he does writing, he does journaling, he plans on working with computers for a living... (now that I think about it... Ill be working with alcohols, solutions and excel for a living... that sounds so... euughh! its like listening to my voice on a phone but 10x worse!), He is a theorist, does not like to talk that much... procrastinates over a shallow "smarter than thou" arrogance... a ... edgelord? But he has wise moments where he actually works his ass off... Ive seen his grades. its shit... shit... shit... shit... shit... all in just half the subjects and then its like above average in EVERYTHING! FOR A WHOLE SEMESTER!!! then he is shit again! *Omg adriano looking at you is such a rollercoaster! I want to be the first passenger! Im already in heaven! Take me to space!* WHAT? NO ITS GETTING STRONGER! I even felt dizzy! It was so quick! What if it happens in front of my friends? I must take more pills!! Ok done. He likes games... and physics... and rarely exercises, but just out of lazyness and does not vibe resent people who exercise...What the hell he is just one of a kind! If he is gone... I CANT REPLACE HIM! HE ALREADY HATES ME NOOOO! NONO NO NO NO NO!!!!! FUCK! NGGGHHH NGGGHHH NGGGGGHHH GRRRRRR!!!!! *Wow these really make me irritable... With enough of them the side effects will eventually happen hub... Hope the internal hemorragies are really just 1 in 900 people...* Anyway What if he was ice cream? He would be... vanila! With... salty... nah... he would be like... flan puddin. He has this sweet homey confort vibe that is also not flashy... *The exact thing I need in my life* WHAT? yeah... maybe... I will investigate him FURTHER! LIKE... I simply was so sweaty for so long in studying that relying on intuition on tests for a while will be more of an advantage than a crutch... the exercises are kinda mechanical by now anyway... its getting so tedious... and my mom isnt even alive right now... She was a bitch... no. It would let her down! Im gonna study Adriano s hormonal profile by giving him screening tests. I have a hunch that he might be schizotypal... I wanna know! Isnt he more on of those disgusting Autists? *My baby is a special kid! I wanna craddle him in my arms until he falls asleep! Then I wanna watch him until he wakes up and make breakfast! Then I wanna wait for him to come back home! Then craddle him......


Isas football celebration:
She just scored! After scoring, what she does is sprint euphorically to near a stand, pointing her finger agressively... somewhere, also taking it to her lips and shushing the spectators with disdain, still sprinting. Then, as she gets to the stands, stars running along, with a hand being used as a mock ear funnel, shaking it slightly. then... after a couple seconds, Isa slows down and starts strafe walking, air shoving telling them, with her body language: "Settle down, gentlemen... Isa arrived."


Hello, fam! I am a ruby eyed, silver toothed, diamond hearted, gold plated corpse. I am currently slaysis maxing and suffering from severe loneliness and intrusive, murderous ideation.
