This is the journal of a toxic muslim woman 




Ok white trash! This is my pride and joy! My company! My breadwinner! I dont care if you dont like my rules! You signed the contract! Anyways... this is what you could describe as a "toxic workplace". Im the toxic. So now act like you are in a workplace!


Ok yes Im a hateful bitch. Ok can I help you? O... Of course I am a hateful bitch! What did you expect? Apples fall off trees, Cellphones annoy the fuck out of any person and no one likes taxes. Newa flash by, white trash! My family is a memory, so now I dont like anyone. My purpose is a mistery so I balance on the fine thread made of every trace of self loathing I still feel to stay in this world. And your ugly surprised looks make me want to vomit.


I proudly built an imposing and enormous fortress of hatred from what life gave me. I dont talk about how high up I am to brag! I talk about it to show everyone from how high UP i will fall if I ever trip! I am not locked in here. I cant break out and be free as long as some guard isnt watching! No one is watching! This is part of my body! My blood runs through these walls! If It crumbles, I will no longer be!


I read recipies to numb myself of the meaninglessness of the mountain of suffering I had to climb to get here. No one was watching. I was taken to my limit. But I am just as ruthless as the world who nutured me.


I make myself big, loud and serious to make everyone stay away.


I fucking hate whites. They have it so easy. Wake up everyday looking forward to every minute. I wake up at 4am to work my ass off wondering when Im allowed to peacefully leave the realm of the surface. Maybe next life it will be better, I guess...


Racism will allways go both ways. I am outnumbered btw, so If you despise me technically you are yhe one who is wrong. BTW everyone should die. No one deserves this. This world was made by a drunk lunatic who was taking the piss when making some of us and also a piss on the heads of the aformentioned set of people. Was I ever born? Am I still waiting for my turn? Why is reality so weird? Why does everyone act like a cartoon character? I thought those only existed on tv... Why am I a cartoon character? I .... am.... a bit dizzy...ok.... these pills have to do it this... time.................. *Boss?! BOSS!!!! HEY SOMEONE COME !!!CALL AN AMBULANCE!!!!! SHE IS BREATHING WEIRD AND FOAMING f
FROM EYES AND MOUTH!!!!!!*


What dont I get? what do people dont get? Is life just about preventing the inevitable for as long as possible? why am I so bad at even that? Tell me why is this castle so cold no matter how mutch blood I pump? why does it look like it will crumble at any second, no matter how mutch I flex my riches to filth..... to whi.... to my surroundings? Where is the answer? Is there an answer?


the continuity of stream of suffering

You dont need blood, sweat, tears and shame to tell others about how much you suffer, but you need as much of it as you can bear to justify it to yourself. Thats why I work with no expectation of good flavour or any profound realisations. Its my remedy. Suffering is a gift to myself. I know I dont deserve it. But I want it all.