
Elaborating on hormone control and mind reading/writing:

Tunnels
Sonar,
See the human.
they can chain if seen human is psychic.
manipulate conscious/verbalizable thoughts/memories/ideas.
A fun thing that can be done is to use the sonar. if one of the brains the user catches has a psychic gland connected to it (Psychic human), they can use THEIR sonar remotely... and get acess to what they would be able to see if used themselves. Then they find another psychic.. and it keeps going. But... before they can interact with the human the sonar pulse found, they have to gather and direct energy to it using a psychic tunnel... from where thoughts that they produce can be, if the user desires, sniffed either one way or two way. If the thoughts are being sniffed one way, the psychic can see/interact with the conscious world the human is producing. They can, either, send in thoughts of their own... or send in psychic energy directly... although this last one is rarely done without malicious intent, as it may physically deform the brain of the endpoint of the tunnel. Tunnels created by a psychic can only be controlled by said psychic, wether remotely or in a standalone way. One funny thing a psychic can do is, act as a psychic whatsapp between two people. They connect to one person, another person, make both be two way and then skillfully send information one way at a time. They can use this to get people to make ammends more easly. It has been theorised to be possible to assign a psychic caretaker to autistic children to get them to socialize better (or at all). They may be able to see the workings of the unconscious... by getting a feel for how the space around the conscious ideas changes. Like a stormy sea. One knows there is something causing chaos... but not what is, exactly.  So... sonar, focus, tunnel. Sonar, focus, tunnel. But unless you are david goggins of psychics, it will, to put it lightly, make you break a bit of a sweat. Now... the hormones: They can also interact with the hormones of the human. They can send signals to the lymph nodes, the tyroid, etc... getting the target to release hormones onto themselves according to the psychics whims, although this requires lots of fine control and skill... And they cannot operate other organs of the organism. Also... it does not need to be humans. It can be any living creature that possesses a brain like organ and that is capable of verbalizing/having a conscious world in anyway! They can make telepathy with aliens, basically. And the ammount of brains a psychic can keep track of in their psychic gland, ammount of simulataneous tunnels launched and quality of the transmission varies with psychic experience. (Or from the target if they are operating the gland of a psychic human). The sonar is a short pulse that the psychic uses to basically burn temporary spots into their psychic gland of the brains that are around them (reachable according to the power they were willing/able to muster with the sonar wave... it sorta feels like eye spots when you look at something bright for too long.) its not use to just fire "bazillions" of tunnels at once hoping you find a brain/psychic gland, because thats stupid and very, very exausting. 
Also... psychics can, by virtue of prolongued exposure induced experience, get a feel for how a brain they scan very often thay they know from whom it is, as the spot that burns temporarly in the gland always has a certain "shape" to it, that gets more defined the more they "care" about that specific person/brain. (Like training your eyes/audio tone sense).

So... would it be possible for a psychic to discern a boyfriend from a detected search quota of 500 people from a really far away radius? (Like 10km... which is stupid btw... its the psychic equivalent of calling someone/connecting to a videogame udp server across the atlantic ocean)
Yes! Because the spot that burns in their head from detecting a friend, among what probably are complete strangers, is also deeper and produces a higher response from the amygdala, like attaching the memory of a loved one/interesting topic to similar looking objects. Also... the ammount of energy a scan obeys the inverse square law in terms of demanded reach... like infrared waves. And the more energy/time they put into a psychic ping, the more defined the spots will be. Also....the more experience with emitting sonar pulses and sucessful guesses for scans they make, when balanced with your usual diets, sleeps and exercises, the more powerful scans one is able to create and the more neurons will attach from the users gland to the left side of their brain (Thats how they get a stronger "feel" of who they detected). Thats also how the spots get more defined and deep, getting more and more discernable  withing a fixed span of time with practice. The more neurons a spot stimulates, the more defined the image, like a digital picture.


So... how does a psychic, knowing they have powers, either found out by themselves or from a diagnosis, goes about using them for... object manipulation?
Ok... first the psychic gland is basically a radiator of psychic energy and the person can manipulate materials and minds using this force that they can exert in as many ways as they can be creative about it: gather fluids or separated groups of objects in the shape of spheres or different geometries, (Spheres is by far the easiest... so if they just need to gather material, they will use spheres... if they are flexing, they might make Cubes, or cylinders or thick lines...), control objects remotely etc.


Someone ignorant of psychic biology asks a psychic, as they both sit together in an american school cafeteria: "
hello! Can you call my peruvian family members?" The psychics like: "Ok then....whats their cell?"
The poor person then innocently retorts: "No! Use your mind! Surprise them! Tell them youre my friend!" Psychic: "What?"
