Psychic Powers:

Psychic powers are possessed often by people who, coincidentally, also possess high levels of intelligence or logical deduction capabilities. They have retinaless eyes. The source of their powers is a specialized organ that is the result of a very very rare mutation. It is jammed inside the frontal cortex, making psychics suffer very bad headackes while their skulls are still developing and toughening up. But it also coincides with their frequent needy and constantly hurt fase, so when  they cry and they get their side need met (hunger, diaper, etc.) they are conditioned to forget their headache, which also goes away with their skull becoming tougher and the brain developing around it anyway. When their powers are active, the first level of potential psychic energy grants the user a simple glow through their retinaless eyes, coming from their organ in the frontal lobe. Psychics can get insanely powerful. They can manage fluids, solids and gases around them, levitating objects and compressing and gathering gas for compressed air blasts. Really skilled ones can make spears which can also be deadly. They cant acess fluids inside vessels without opening the vessel first. They can read thoughts. They dont feel the emotions or vibes from the person, they can read verbal thinking and, if they actually are not psychos, get empathy from it after. They can also manipulate living beings' hormones. They can also manipulate themselves like any other object. fly and throw violent strikes with their limbs, puppeting themselves. Some really frail psychics can throw mma worthy punches with just this "Self puppeting" Thing, although its dangerous if they forget to close their fists for a punch, for example. They can, for example, get an idea of the hormone reserves and accumulated tensions of a human and, to get them, although arguably questionable, to get an orgasm with a sweep of their arms, if their control is fine enough. Its a very advanced skill and it often just ends up with the target getting a multiple second long weird feeling rush, with some emotions having nothing to do with what was intended to happen according to the psychic. The psychics choice of powers and their proficienty at the multiple variants depends on their life choices, interests, personalities, etc. Very hands on psychics may prefer, obviously, telekinesis, while others may prefer messing with hormones (Or... helping... depends on morals of course). Psychics who become too dependent on their very convenient, yet very draining and inneficient powers can grow up frail and with undermatured bodies for the age. Very undermatured even. Psychics who do not use them exessively or choose not to altogether grow up normally. Psychic powers are very demanding and even a very experienced psychic throwing a punch can, although slightly more powerful, be way more energy intensive than a normal punch. Being born with a psychic gland can make one somewhat... kinky, as, for some reason,  the persons hidden lusty side is highly enhanced. (Self... hormone manip :P?)
(a psychic masturbing: They just stand there... seemingly in space and then they just moan and then... things happen...)
Oh! And really seasoned, middle aged and very intensely practiced psychics can do stuff like flying at supercar speeds for short periods of time, as their bodies cannot metabolise as fast of course, but also, with enough focus, turn airlines into the ground. the pilot will likely just gain control again... or the autopilot... because its really hard but if the psychic had infinite chemical potential flowing to their brains they could crash a plane!
The first state of potential charge achievable is quite mild and is visible as the glowing eyes effect mentioned earlier. The allocable potential caloric energy for a  20cm wide air blast (we will use these blob air blasts as an example) is now 100joules. The second, is a faint green glow. The energy of that same blast is now 250joules. The third, is a very visible and vigorous bright green jade glow. The body musters up energy twice as fast. the fourth has the same visual effect, but the allocated calories per blast increase tenfold and the blasts charge thrice as fast. The example blasts can hold up to 2700 joules now. The 5th stage, the user on max charge, loses energy every second while charge quite quickly and the eyes and body glow vigorously and with a white hot radiance resembling manganese flames. The total potential energy of the example blast increases 30 fold. And remember: They are not limited to 20 cm wide necessarly... and can also make spears that pierce and, of course, air blades that slice or chop. Only veteran psychics or very sweaty and practiced psychics can reach this level.

Notes:

For pressurized fluid based attacks, like the compressed balls and air spears and blades,  Some focus is needed to maintain the shape of the 'projectile', as its just made of air, after all and it will just dissipate or even expand violently (can even be detonation). So... as an example, imagine some psychic launches an airball, and generating the airball required X energy. Depending on the pressure and size of the ball, it will require the owner some timed energy consumption, (which is not very tiring, but still counts) to guide and maintain the shape. Then, the psychic would also have to release the compression as abruptly as much as the impact they desire is high. So psychic blasts are essentially air powered and guided remote detonation missiles and air spears are air hammers... air blasts are a bit harder, if the user is spamming lots of small ones in a fast paced altercation, they would have to release, and compress, and guide over, and over, and over again, So they avoid it. Air spears are the same, except the psychic needs to be more premeditated in their attack, as gathering and compressing the air to the correct shape requires more focus. andf they cannot let go of that focus while they swing or throw, until the required target is damaged/pierced. They have to be careful about where to release the pressure of the shape they created.


Also....flight requires getting the gist of how to balance oneself in the air, and one tends to fall alot while improving.


"Waaaaahhh..
 Gotta go buy suppressants but bed feels too good and cozy"
