Darling... day 2 of writting to the food stealer. Ive been reading lots of books I requisited from the college library about manifestation. And watching videos starring middle aged women literally claiming to be my personal godesses of love. One example ive learned was that I need to grab the bulls by the horns, look at them eye to eye and then... *what is this wtf did I write here holy crap*... suck them... dry wait pause. Anyway we are like perfect for eachother! I visualized it already in my dreams! I will build a great, great wall on the border between communication and mind games. We havent done any communication to eachother yet, so thats good! Anyways! I just know we will be happy forever and ever and ever! I will scream at them for no reason until they give me what I have no idea that I want! I will praise them and cuddle them very thoroughly at night until they become so attached they wont even get up to pee and not utter a single word to them during the day! They will be happy and confused at the same time, while also thinking they are free! You will do it, right sweetie? For me, right? Right???!!!! Anyway... I am a disgusting, grey, blood sucking moth filled with dust! I will call myself names in front of people while on dates with him and wait impatiently until he showers me with cuddles and kisses and cute and love, love!SO MUCH LOVE KYYYYAAAAAAHHHHH XDXDXDXDXD Anyway.... sigh... these pills take my through the dimensions my friend! They make life worth it! I will also try to have the smallest possible part of an actual job so he can keep feeding me pizza and coca cola! If he forgets about my birthday I will call the police! Him leaving an innocent pure girl alone in this cruel world like that is cruel abuse!Its like the holocaust! H E  S H O U L D  U N D E R S T A N D  M E  B Y D E S I G N. And that I never loved anything trully ever in my life. Not my mom. Not my dad. Not my 17 Other pricks of boyfriends. Not even myself.  All I am is gas. Odorless, steamy, pressury, physical gas that has the life goal of being a mild space occupyer.





I am catarina. Im a college kid who lets just say is a bit on the sillier side of things. For a very, very long time I wasted all that was given to me. Friends, family, values, personal gratification. I threw it all away in search of vain chaos. I then wanted to take revenge on everyone when I regret hit me. I got on so many relationships. I treated them like trash. I ignored wise friends. I isolated myself in a bubble of madness. I was scratched, Broken, angered, bitter. But I then finally did something I subburnly had put off for years. I am now 32. I am on the first year of college.  I rebuilt my identity. I created a new base. I raised statues for every little step I manged to take. Every single one felt like Spring sunshine after a brief walk in the shade. I have allways been a girl of torment. But what I stupidly forgot... the last time I had this on my consciousness... I was 14. I had already given up. I had no mental structure. Everything seemed pointless. I lived based on that. But I am a girl of dreams. Lots of them. Rebuilding myself from fire, hide it from the rain. Lifting it with my tireless breathing from constant struggle. I did EVERYTHING I WANTED! EVERYTHING DAMN IT! I TOOK ALL THE STEPS! I TOOK ADVICE FROM THE YOUNG WHEN ALL I COULD THINK ABOUT WAS HOW HUMILIATING IT FELT! I WAS ARROGANT AND VAIN! BUT NOW ALL I STILL FEEL LIKE I HAVE IS UNFULFILLED DREAMS! Dreams that firmly shake their fists as I climb this mountain! I accumulated strength from friends and mentors and now I am profound! As I pedal alongside machines on a road that will innevitably take me right to glory, I also feel doubt. But thats old news! Its another day in the job! I will sweat until I am bone dry and my piss turns black! I will lift my friends spirits so they can keep pushing me forward! They do the same. All because, I learned..
 what love trully feels like.

