Omg... Im such a five year old! soo cute...

 "Ohhh... did my boy boy learn a new word! what is it? 'Naga!' Ohhh... just dont say it in front of strangers ok? It may not be as funny for them and they will get bored if you say too many times, ok sweetie?
Ohhh... you look sad. Come here, baby boy... look me in the eyes. Yes. Like that. *Tipo crouches and levels her eyes with mine* Tell me: Are you ok? " *I feel weird and unconfortable. But also feel like floating. I am stuck. I want to fly away. I want to hit her.  I want to cry and scream. I shrug mu shoulders and say* Its none of your business! *With a tear leaking in my left eye. My face is red as I look at tipo with a thousand mile stare and trepid eyes. She gently reaches her hand to my face and touches it, cleaning the tear. Her hands are large, strong. But so soft, warm. So, so soft. I feel warm inside. I feel awkward and say:* People are looking at us! Please stop! "But we are in your room, baby!" But... its wrong! I am ugly... and stuff... please stop! Dont waste your calories on me! Im wea- *As I say this, Tipo grabs both of my hands and gently cuddles them. I want her to let go and pull. But she predicts this and tightens the hold, keeping our bodies attached sucessfuly.* "You are not. You are very cute, sensitive, your mother loved you and your father admired you. Those beautiful blue eyes dont tell any lies and they are saying: "Free me, mommy!". Is it true?" Its... not! I dont have adversity and dont understand it either! Stop validating me! Its making me codependent! Im gonna turn into a wea- *As I say this, she giggles and starts softly blowing air into my eyes, very, very close. This has to be the most maternal experience ive ever had since my original mother passed away. She gently touches my arms with her two hands. Rubs her palms up and down my upper limbs.* "You dress up so well. I love your clothes. Please dont change your taste. Not even anime designers can come up with anything so beautiful. Because Its you. You are beautiful by design." You... you are too! *I hold back on saying, but give in* Mommy! Kiss me, mommy! On the cheek! Please! *Tipo looks at me. Her look is tepid, welcoming, warm like a nighttime summer bath after beach day, They are green. The hair is curly and red. She is wearing glasses. Her lips are only very lightly colored. She has discrete earrings. Not another face acessory or makeup. She is pure. Her nose is small. Her face is round. But now, her expression is sly, tricky, playful. Now, she has me cast under a spell. I am at her mercy. She giggles and says:* "Always, baby boy." *She kisses me. I freeze in place and she is holding me. I feel my lower clothes wet. I see nothing but raw bliss. My brain feels mushy. I feel dizzy and sick She steps away. I suddently feel cold and then say* Please dont go! Please! Come back! *She just stands in front of me. I dont want control, but dont want distance. I am paralyzed. She is reading me. She is picking me appart with raw kindness.* I am dizzy! Give me medicine, mommy! I cant get up! Im gonna lose lunch! *Then, she unducks, walks behind me, crouches again. She starts massaging my shoulders, breathing in and out, slowly.* "How does it feel to carry your own struggles, so earnestly? I dont care what you say. Im going to help you carry all of it. Momma wants her baby to be happy. Your need for validation is so adorable. Those shields you place around you, that self deprecation dome. Its hard like rock. But soft water turns it into soluble minerals in an instant. My love for you is water. And you are soo thirsty, arent you?" B-Bu- "Shhhhh..... Its ok. Just let momma take care of you. Momma wants to cuddle." *I feel embarassed, but not enough to freeze... so  I ask:* Question! "Yes?" Are you a trans girl? *She smirks* "Yes! Why? Is there a particular reason for that question?" *I then say candidly, bluntly, assertively, decisively and in high cadence* I wanna have a dick in my mouth now, for some reason. Like right now. *I switch to a vulnerable, soft demeanor* Can I suck your dick? And... do you cum like a horse? Like a water gun? "Sweetie, with the way you get my juices flowing, those daring, yet kind eyes, that flabby, thin body, I can cum on your mouth and its for sure a full meal for you. Do you want to have mommas male sour milk as dinner?" *I get sweaty, red faced and start hyperventilating, salivating and getting loud voice cracks* Yes! Please! Give! Give! *I am full of desire. I lost control and turned into an animal. I begin to salivate. I get on my knees and turn to her. I look at her crotch. She looks down on me and pats my head. Then, starts massaging my temples with her soft, strong, clear hands. Her fingers look tasty. I grab one of her hands, I need both of mine for that, she is strong and big and I am a microbe next to her and I am insignificant and I want her inside me and her juices contained by the meat walls of my organism so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad. So, I start licking her fingers. Sucking first on her left thumb, then on her middle finger, slowly, bathing it in thick saliva. She groans mildly and almost quietly. Then, she starts fingering her cave with her right hand. She does it until it gets wet. Then, she takes it out of her underwear and holds it up to me, like a princess to the prince, asking: "Take as much as you like.". I, then, hyperventilating and looking at it with a determined, focused look, bunch up the three median fingers in it and suck on them, slowly. At the same time, she starts jerking off under her tight jeans. She whispers: "yes! just like that. Good boy..." and then moans, with some sound this time. I then say:* T- Tasty! You are tasty! I want to suck on your dick until you explode, mommy! I want to feel like I got shot in the face by a Desert Eagle! "Stop saying that! You are making momma blush! Momma cant hold it for long if you keep saying those silly things!" *I look her in a daring way, grumping lightly to show discontent* No! I want your cum and I want it now! If you dont give, I will cry and people are gonna look! Dont try me! *Tipo starts sweating, as she is beginning to feel challenged* "N-No! No, sweetie... You wait for momma ok?" YOU WANNA KEEP THE CUM ALL TO YOURSELF! DONT BE SELFISH! *She feels terrified by my antics. She tries to assert herself one more time* "My blue eyed angel, Momma just needs some time so she wont blow too soon! And-" NOW! *She then fully surrenders in a whim* "Yes, daddy!" *I now look at her with a sly look. She reels back, overwhelmed. She is afraid as she knows she wont last long with the head I will give her. I am determined to prove her right. She obediently unzips it, slowly to fill time and because she does not want me to spoil her rotten. When it comes out, Its so big it slaps me hard. Its also so thick and tough it hurt a bit. She grabs it immediatly and starts rubbing it... right in front of me. I look at her doing that for some time. But then, I decide I had enough of her games and say, decisively: "Hands. Off. Now." She obeys after some mild hesitation. She is now resigned. I begin. First, I touch her tip lubricated with the sweetest looking pre cum. Its the delicious pre cum from momma Tipo. Then, softly pass my fingers around the rim. *Gasp!* Her entire body pulsates with a huge spasm and she reels back. I say: "Come back here. Im not done!" She obeys. and then says: "Dont make momma blow too soon! Please! Your eyes! Dont look at me like that! Im sweating. Im dizzy." I reply: "Then just last." I kiss the tip. Start licking and kissing, slowly. Tasting her salty pre cum. I tell her: "I wish it was piss." I continue. A few minutes later, I am sucking vigorously. She moans louder and louder every minute. I grab her fem testies and they are as heavy as tennis balls. I look at her gonads in hunger. As I suck, and suck and suck, I start fingering her anus. After 10 minutes she finally cant take it anymore, jolts and screams: *AIAIAIAIAIAIAIAI!!!!! ESTA QUASE! NAO PARES NAO PARES!!!!!* I suck, suck and suck "SIIIIIIMMMMMM!!!!! HMMMMMMMMAAAA !!!! HMMMMM!!!!!!* I then say: " You deserve this. You are kind, beautiful and delicious. Outside and inside. Literally and everything." She says: "Please stop saying that! You are more better!!!!!!! You are my baby! Yes! my baby! A genius! A cutie! A special boy! A misunderstood hard working warrior! And the best, brattiest and most adorable sub cock sucker on the planet! Yes! I love you SO MUCH!!!!!" I suck hard and fast, now. I get lost in the bliss and start swallowing her skin wrapped, tube shaped, meat blood sponge that is veiny, hard, vascular and big! Gulping it. As I fall into my senses, I decide It would be nice to die with her inside of me. So I start trying to choke myself with it. But she is way too far into it. Her mind is now rotten from my ace tier spoils... She looks at me, grinning, twisted and detached: "Yes! Yes, babe! Choke! Die! Die! Swallow it more! I want it to dissolve on your acids! I want it to be digested! Keep going! Mother shall never be satisfied! Go! Swallow more, sexy whore, male, princess, plastic play toy thing! Die of suffocation! I dont give a fuck!!!!!!Muhahahahhaaaaa!!!!!!!" But in response, I simply moan periodically to remind her that she is delicious and that she deserves every single ounce of it. After about 2 minutes of this, She suddently turns urged, panicked. She jaggedly utters, trembling from raw excitement, trying to appear calm and assertive, very unsucessfully: "Oh no.... Oh no!!!!! Baby, listen! Its gonna be alot! Its alot itsalotitsalotitsalot!!!!!!!!! Quick! Get back right now! It may even hurt! Step back or your brains will be blown out!" I obey. I get off her fem penis meat boulder thing and she starts stroking it by herself with curling sweeper cadence. "Here!!! Coming in at body temperature! All of this is for you, my sweet, precious baby boy!" She blows her load into my face. It fell all over me. It was messy and brutal. It Felt like a max pressure garden hose for like half a second. hair, eyes and somehow... the ears and ear cannals. Everything in my general direction was now a goey, sour, translucid mess. It felt like getting hit with 3 water guns simultaneously. I moan in appreciation, and look at her with my eyes saying: "Is that all? Disappointing..." My face is covered like when putting on suncream. She was afraid of underperforming, so she kept stroking it hard, yet earnestly. I then interrupted and reassured her. Then started helping her, by stroking it nicely and slowly for mommy, relieving her of excessive pleasure and appreciation. Another load, twice as big as the first comes out with full force and hits my face. And then, another one just as big.". Finally, it stops. Tipo: "Baby. You are diamond." Me: "Mommy... you are life. B-But... what happened? It was so tasty... but I... dont remember anything... Did... did... *GASP* DID I HURT YOU MOMMY? I DONT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED!!!! EVERYTHING WAS SO OVERWHELMING AND SCARY!!!! I WAS SCARED AND WANTED TO CRY BUT KEPT GOING TO PLEASE MOMMY!!!!!! AN-" she approaches me and looks me eye to eye, very, very close, while caressing my face: "shhhh..... its okay. You are not used to letting go. Now you let go. You did not hurt me. It was the best blowjob someone ever gave to me. It was divine! You have the mouth of venus herself, sweetie!" I start blushing. "R-Really? A disgusting 20 year old male like me can be pretty and a good pleaser boy like that? Can I be like the beautyful girls in my highschool classes? I  was also so grateful about being allowed  to share a classroom with Ana Julia Alfaiate, Beatriz Leitao, Diana Oliveira, Ricardo Nobre, Among others! Gonçalo Cerqueira and Francisco Pereira too!! The girls were beautiful, strong and smart and the boys, virtuous, handsome, smart and permantly in reinvention! Classrooms are like my second home! They became ingrained in me! I loved all of it!" Dont say that! It makes mommy sad. You are the prettiest male cock sucker out there! And that gratitude makes momma wanna run away to cry! Do you wanna see your momma weak and pathetic? No right?! "Mommy!!!!! You are the only one who can call me a cocksucker! I love you! Lets be pathetic and resilient together!" She replies: "I also... adore you! You deserve endless praise! Your mind is such a twisted, loud, violent tornado of absurdity! Its beautiful, overwhelming, but endlessly colourful. You... dazzle me with that rock shattering hammer you have for a soul! It hits so hard! But you are such a cute angel baby boy!!!!! Momma is confused!!!! It does not add up!!!!! It does not!!!!!!!!" But... I wanna cry now! Its all was like a storm! *15 minutes later, we are fully calm. I am looking pensivelly at the celling, unbothered, laying in bed with her. The sheets are a mess. My limbs are spread out, my arm is hanging on the side of the bed, my foot is in her face. She is completly zoned out. We can hear the clock ticking. The cars passing by, and, when parking just outside, we hear gravel pebbles getting crushed. Its 3pm. I am somewhat hungry. Dont know about her. My floor looks like someone dropped a huge bowl of cerelac on it, except it smells.... She comes back and says: "Sweetie?" I reply: "Yes?" Tipo: "What are you thinking?" Me: "The same as ever since I was born. What my brain constantly plays in background is: "Am I enough?.... Am I enough?... Am I enough?...". When I feel good, the answer is "No." When at peak confidence, the answer is: "Maybe". Its like validation is not enough. I must go beyond validation. But whats bey-" "Dear. That is never going to happen. Never... ever. You cannot go beyond peeing. You cannot go beyond eating. You have to follow both your consciousness and your instincts, so, at any given instant, one is allways less happy than the other. You have to choose. And you cannot go beyond validation. Apples fall from trees and toenails grow. There is no point to validation or lack of it by themselves. Its a society maintenance tool. Its ingrained. Its human. Its you. Stop trying. You are gonna die unhappy like Fernando Pessoa if you keep that up. He was brilliant in many, many ways. But was fueled by a twisted sense of purpose. He knew this. And kept going anyway. Sometimes you feel outcasted. Sometimes not. Thats final. Im sorry. Its the truth." Me: "Ahhh... what a relief. That actually makes me feel alot better. It was all starting to feel exausting and futile anyway. Not having all the attention or... not having any is simply natural, huh?" Tipo: "Yes. You know? Cristiano Ronaldo is the most achieved Portuguese Footballer of all time. He was arrogant, competitive and somewhat entitled. He never felt superior! Thats not important... He was willing to suffer. If you want to be sucessful and happy, you have to be willing to suffer, for as long as necessary. Caleb is a college kid studying in Portugal. When his friends forced him out of his depression, he began suffering in higher magnitude than ever. But he was also happier. And this is not because those things are directly tied. Its because they are not related in any way, contrary to common sense. You should not chase, nor confort, nor struggle for the sake of either. You must create an inner voice strong enough to step on concepts like those like the dead leaves on the sidewalk, on your path to the crossing to fulfillment."