Bro... I dont feel like doing a breakdown... but if you insist: ok: Rodrigo is a Brazillian football player currently playing for Real Madrid's first team at club level and the Brazil national soccer team at international level. Rodrigo is often considered a wonder kid, albeit the mechanics of his development are rather unconventional: Instead of being a player grown in the streets from playful engagement with the sport, with friends who was then scouted by some passerby, it was his dad, who Im gonna call Jorge, who made him this way. The family has football heritage all over: Rodrigo's mom is talented and his dad is a seasoned brazillian domestic league player. On the day Jorge's wife was about to give birth, the first thing Jorge did was delay it, because football players born near the end of the year... inside the lower year often have a much harder time. He even avoided taking his wife to a doctor, gambling everything on his sole obcession with making his kid a talent. The kid, at 2 years old, was immediatly prompted, as soon as he learned how to walk, to start playing with a football all day long. Later in life, in every club he passed by, he always needed older competition to get some sort of a challenge, all from the sheer practice and work his father made him go through, always with the plan of making him a superstar. Ni in Jorge is evident. Just... evident. Wanting to show something to the world without telling... realising a long term vision obtained from an intuition he got when his wife got pregant. "Our kid will be a football superstar". He did not know how or why... just... that it was gonna happen. Another thing, that he did regularly: he often acted as a referee in Rodrigo's games, with a twist: Not calling any fouls on his son... so he could get "tougher". The other kids, he was 7 and playing against 9 year olds by the way, creaming them by the way, consistently, by the way, knew this and fouled him as harshly as necessary, with Jorge never stepping in or making it end. His father seems completly oblivious or even intentionally ignorant of the gruesome way he is pushing Rodrigo, that is... the immediate reality, making the Dom Ni and Inf Se evident. When directing his son, is Te is also evident from the ruthless self value based "Our kid... [my kid] will be a superstar [I want him to succeed at football at all costs] (Te)" (Fi). But he is not immediatly focused on adulting (Te), always primarly obcessed with his vision and what he wants to show to the world (Ni - Se).

This is my take on why Rodrigo's father (Here aliased as "Jorge"), is an INTJ.



Rodrigo embodied his dads vision too: He does. At 5, he told himself in the mirror... as if trying to will it into existence: "I will play for Brazil. I will play for Real Madrid. I will win the world cup. I will win the Champions League"

Bro... I am just a sharp kid... not a doctor... because what I see, in very non poetic eyes is just madness... I dont wanna try to even solve it


And Jorge's Fi is very corrupted

