Ester
Type: Psychic
Age: 19 years (F)
Weight: 32 kg
Height: 145 cm
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything.
Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. 

There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which is like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items.
One day, when she turned 17, she decided to do something special for herself as a gift. After throwing away all her gifts, that she thought "were dumb", she thinks: "I just CRAVE something my brain actually has to CHEW! And makeup. I love me some makeup. Im just glad my parents still dont know what I am...". Ok, when she says this... it just screams red flag. Anyway... she goes up to her mothers desk, where she was having a meeting, turns off her brain. Just flips it off. Takes her credit card and leaves the house. Her husband finds her in the middle of a cardiac arrest and takes her to the hospital. She then flies to "the best mall I could find". Takes a breather and eats the fattiest burger she can find, because "Fine. If I am a disgusting animal that gets tired, Im gonna eat so mutch I wont have to do it again". As a 34 kilo thread of a person, she almost throws up. Not even herself is safe... She then pulls up to a makeup shop and buys 340 euros in makeup from her now hospitalized mothers credit card. Before leaving she, unexplainably, charges up a psychic blast for like 3 minutes (170 seconds) straight, slowly so that her eyes dont start glowing and her body floating, (as fucking Helios from yakui the maid is playing in the background during the second drop), Blows it up, with this one being so intense that, even with so much experience, she got a bit concussed, giving a seizure to an healthy athlete  just beside her and killing the 3 other closest people . The rest in a 100 meter radius fell unconscious. It was not meant to be a clean, as it generated so mutch capacitive sparks (from resonance. She needed to tune the frequency while charging), that she broke 2 atms 8.5 meters away and... all the relevant security cameras were off. (hmmmm.....) Imagine hating the guts out of someone so mutch that the blinding rage makes you swing a sword with enough force to, not the blade, but your arm, as you miss the swing, shatter skulls. She did this, because she saw where some rando in the same makeup shop as her, that was 17 meters away before the blast, parked his "broke negro's car". She then flies away with all the makeup (She had to go for higher brands so that she could actually carry it), leaves the makeup in a hideout she made her past 4 boyfriends families (not including the current one) "help" her build (Its an actual house at this point) in the middle of nowhere, (17 right now, mind you). Flies to the hospital, fainting anyone who saw her fly up close, and pulls up at her mothers bed. "You forgot her credit card dad! Thats irresponsible, you know?" "Im sorry, my princess, you are right, as always, but I just had to grab everything and come. Wait how did you find u- you know what? That does not matter... we needed you here, sweetie... Can you tell dad anything that could have happened to mom before I arrived?" "Dunno... I was away.. she was in a meeting before I left... thats all I know..." The police then investigated:  there were fingerprints on the card, yes but thats because Ester delivered it in the hospital, the copious expenses... no one at the shop remembered what happened that day, and the victim was brain dead during the whole time. Yes, this is how she normally buys makeup.
Deolinda's notes: 


Patient 789 can now cope with own personality. Time to make a move:  "Ah, Ester... the sociopathic, detached, hermit, hateful, parasite finally accepts that she is not normal and that chemistry is dirty work that is not for her. I say this with all the respect in the world but... look who is talking... It should have been that way... why do you even like chemistry? Its just because its a habit. Thinking about the demography of the course is a useless, theoretical waste of nutrients. You pay your breathing bill just to live life like a typical person... you are not normal Ester... you are not normal. You are a brilliant theorist. You invent efficient methods that work. You order people around. You are a manager, not a lab coated amateur chemist. If you want work, you need to become a mathematician. Or a security guard. Because, for you, being impulsive takes tons of work, while it is the opposite for most. You dont even need to face criminals head on. You can manipulate the people around you. Create an environment where the payload never even gets thought of. You are a natural cheater. No ruleset is defined enough for you. Being a formula 1 chieff designer would be like street sweeping for you. (No disrespect for street sweepers, though...) Yes... you are even perfectly capable of creating your own profession. Although human like me... you are something else. You can keep the crime up if you want, though... its not like anyone can stop you. Well... we could nuke you. But you would still somehow find a way to antecipate that. But to trully live, its one of these. My job is done for today. Make up your own mind, my sweet, little, evil princess." 


Patient 789:  "There is a girl called Ester. She is 19 years old. Has low height for the age (145 cm), weights as mutch as the average 12 year old girl. Is cool like ice, seeing everything as a machine made of Sets, vectors, graphs and logical premisses. (Does not like to admit it). Lets get to the point: She is a cheating, prototypically narcissistic, abusive, blunt, scheming, cruel, cold ass bitch. Some force of even greater evil decided to even give her broken ass psychic powers to top it off. Diagnosed with her narcisism and sociopathy at the age of 5. Way too smart for anyones well being. Does this in the most disgusting and disgusted way possible. Ok here is proof and example of the given statement: One day when she was still 16, she woke up and remembered she had a grudge against this girl who once got a slightly better grade than her at organic chemistry (she was already taking chemistry engineering in college). And it was against
that specific one because she was "kind of a pain to manipulate". she then flies to her house,( which is like a normal person sprinting for 20km straight), is spotted inside her room by the parents, and, while the hosts are breathtaken by the shock, she takes a sigh of frustration, lowers all the shutters all the way, walks up to the father, slaps him in the face, kicks him in the nuts, does a judo throw on him. Before the mother can make a call, she hijacks her mind, slams her into a wall has hard as she can, putting her unconscious and bleeding.She just broke the fathers back and the mothers skull. then rewinds their memories, puts them in an unconscious state controlled by her, makes a small cut in the mothers wrist. Then, tilts all the paintings in the hallway and dumps all their bottled water. After that, spits in the fathers face, then thinks: "I want some brain omelet!" grabs the mans head and slams it so hard into the marble covered floor it bounces and makes a meaty "thud!". it starts bleeding. Then leaves." Has long orange/blonde hair, black eyes, wears opulent clothing, carrying herself covered in jewelry and makeup. Has a babyface, and a body that makes her look like she is on 3 hp. Has bags under eyes. Has a boyfriend that she enjoys "Entertaining" herself with. Does not understand "working out" as it "selects dumb people". She can somehow allways get away with only comming up with solutions for problens that only fit the specific situations she finds herself in. She has reality at the palm of her hands and we are all merely convenience items." *tsk* *tsk* *tsk* ok, where should we begin, Ms Ester?


Diary of an abandoned city in delirium
This is a reminder to when I forget:
Dont be afraid to be real.

Futiliy precedes purpose.
Ignorance precedes knowledge.
Weak precedes strong.
Turn 'em around. It still makes sense.

Dont be afraid to question. And to accept. And to make yourself big, so people can see where it hurts. And to make yourself small, so smaller people can devour you.

Filipa, whenever we see each other again, I want to tell you that people dont just fear arrogance, they loathe it. Its the favourite place losers like to hang out at. And its also not because you are the arrogant one. And remember, Ive been watching you all along, and I feel a mix of hatred, regret, fascination and confusion. I am reminding you of what Adriano told you: Enemies are not the ones that hurt you in broad daylight. Its the ones that seduce you. You found that out too late when we met each other, did you not? You werent simple, or dumb. You were the wisest person Ive ever known and I still long for the day I can meet someone like you again. Yes, even monsters like me feel nostalgia. I dont blame you for rejecting my attempts at reaching you telepathically.  why are you not doing it? Are you stupid? Its pretty weird, if you dont trust me. Or... do you also miss me like I miss you?


All I have. All I have as a friend is a pest named Isa in my life. She is so cringe. She just does so many horrible things to people, and I am happy for it: my brain damage induced consciousness, although I also got psychosis on the hand of cards I got that day, is working. Something in me functions propelly. That makes me... happy.
I can tell her that what she is doing is wrong. Like a normal person. As she works in a microbiology lab, and is a Loose cannon narcissist, she puts literal plagues in my food and I dont want to even imagine what would happen if I did not see it comming. Im thankful im still somewhat sharp. She is even after Adriano. Why? Ugh... so cringe... The poor guy doesnt even stand a chance. Let me call her up to remind her: "I dont fucking know what you are doing right now, did not look at your working memory yet, but if you are plotting against Adriano, He does not stand a chance, not because you are better or whatever excuses you lile to tell yourself, but because you are cringe and the only person, even in your loser group friend of entitled idiots, that actually cares about pathetic things like dominance. Please stop being a myeloma. Hugs and kisses. Goodbye." My psychiatrist Deolinda tells me not to lash out like a loser, but she is just.... so... UUGGHHH!!!!



Ok this is me right? Ok. Isa is such a paaaaaaaaaaain... I get so full of her sometimes... but her friends uuuggghhhh... dont even let me get started on her friends. 99% of her female friends ALL speak like this: "Yas slay queen yas dump shitnerd gotta slay for that big juicy  d and that 6 pack like omg like lets go mall prowl shopping for cool guys pink stilletos lipgloss yas ladies! We gotta hunt to increase our value ladies! lets hit the gymnasium and show them our level 30 gyatts #dragonfliesyasslayqueen!" They all just sound like they huffed gaseous nuclear waste and their brains have 2kg tumors in 20 different locations! I used to be like this... its kinda nostalgic... its like looking at old people use technology... when you are a 15 year old 4 chan user. The pity, disgust and cringe I feel when I look at them makes me want to drug myself until my meat becomes nice and tender, throw myself into a jaguar cage, it refuses from the bad smell of my existence, The jaguar takes me to a crocodile, and those things are basically dumpsters, and its like "nope. this is the recycling facility, we cant ressuscitate dead cockroaches...."  The jaguar throws me into the sea, I survive and end up living as a soul surrounded by a corpse surrounded by a dead body.



Filipa never... never uses her powers. But she called me to say this: "Hey! How was that soul cleansing experience like, for the 5 seconds it lasted?" Hey I dont like your tone, I dont know what you even want now, Nor how you can forgive me, and I dont say this in a condescending entitled tone its just... like... if I am that bad for you  could you just not leave me alone and move on? Its not like I even go after you anymore. And its lasted way more than 5 seconds by now and I feel grateful for that everyd- "Ok seeya then and fuck you, bitch princess!" Ok then fuck you, old friend.


*So listen up you dead brained cave monkeys! I am your good ol princess, emperess, leader Ester! I am cute, i am original and I am genius embodied! I can antecipate any bullshit, so dont try to run! And... dont ask me how but I also know exactly what you are thinking! I am a true empath! I will get up in the morning, boot up a pirated provider of netflix. Then I will ask you, you giant monkeys, to do my entire bidding! You are bound by my words and my most whimsical wishes! You are slow and pathetic! I am ALL THAT I AM FUCKING GORGEOUS! IS THAT CLEAR? YOU COME TO MY ROOM AND YOU WILL DO MY CLEANING, MASSAGE ME, DO MY BORING HOMEWORK AND LAUGHT AT YOUR INCOMPETENCE AND ANGUISHED MAGGOT STRUGGLES WHILE I WATCH NETFLIX UNTIL I AM BORED, INSULT YOU UNTIL I RUN OUT OF IDEAS AND REPEAT! I AM YOUR LITTLE PEST! But I am also irresistble... you know you cant say no to this face... now can you? Im such an irresistible and unnapolagetic princess with pretty priveledge and Dubai personality... but its just dumb to try and escape. You will try just to get shut down, personally beatup by me as I laugh hysterical from the sadistic pleasure I get from doing it! If you spill blood before you start crying I get 5 points. If you do that and you are a darkie you get none because thats fucking expected. If you are asian, you get 10 because you are pathetic whimps!Then you will swallow down a bit more of your will to live. Just to go buy me my favourite brands of make up with your money! Just to resume working for me like the good people you are!* AHHHHH!!!!!! That was some dream!.. damn... I feel... exausted... Ok... where are the strong pills, now?...


Ive come so far... Ive faced so much agony... Is this the end? Am I doomed? Should I ask for euthanasia? I dont care if no one gets it! I get it! There is no hope for me! I am a hideous, broken monster! I may control, but I never created anything... I deserve death "Shut up right now!" FILIPA?! "Yes! Its me! I just pulled up and Im ready to own all these noobs right now! IM GONNA OUTSHINE THIS ENTIRE GALAXY! Just what do you think you are doing? Dont you have any genuine pride? Are you not the main character?! You just make me SICK with how little you are trying!" WHAT DID YOU SAY?! "YEAH! THATS RIGHT! WITH ALL THAT CYNICAL GROANING AND TOUGH COOKIE ACT! You are just so hopelessly lame!" GRRRR!!! YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME, YOU.... YOU!...."CUT IT OUT! You are better than this! You may have been a sociopath, and you have only just begun to see the damage you can make with your own eyes thanks to the result of a punishment from the universe! BUT YOU HAVE ARMS AND LEGS AND MUSCLES! AND A KICKASS BRAIN! AND a hard hitting earth shattering raging spirit. I used to hate you, then I felt pity. Now you make me sooo angry! PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, WILL YA???!!!!!" Filipa!..."I may not ever be able to forgive you, but... I wont let you abandon yourself! I hate you, but Im not indifferent to what youve been through and never said that you dont deserve to walk along with the rest of humans on this earth full of fun and emotion! I would be disappointed in you, although not shocked, if you actually ended uo thinking that. Thats why Ive been watching you!" D... dont you need to know where ... I am to..." Ester dont pretend that you understand everything! People barely know psychic powers exist! I just know I can talk to you and that I am doing it right now! and then I just do it by simply believing! Do the same! Not everything makes sense! Thats the reality! Believe!" ....... Thanks Filipa. " You are welcome, bitch princess! Now... go kick some butt in life! THOSE SCARS ARE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE WHO TRULLY KNOW HOW TO LIVE! CMON ESTER! IMMA GO NOW! KICK THAT MONSTERS BUTT! MAKE IT YOUR MAID!"

I am not a manipulator. I am a predator.

Intelligence may seem overrated at first glance. It allways seems to get so much unreasonable praise. But many times people will riddicule and judge even the most common sense tactical decisions made by others during tasks, labeling it as "cheating", "cowardice" and even "incompetence" we all still fear our rational side, deep down.


Ester art goes here:

Type: Musical single
Genre: Maidcore (as Iya-san the Maid)
Title: Redemption
Desc: As I roam the world struggling to validate my own existence, both myself and others, and as my psychiatrist yells at me, I feel relieved as she acuses me of incompetance at life instead of monstrousness. I am not a monster. I AM NOT A MONSTER! I REFUSE TO BELIEVE THAT! FILIPA DOES NOT THINK THAT! I am just... a... a firefly! who instantly turns to nothing once forgotten, but capable of outshining any star in the night sky until then! I am a good person and allways will be! I will never give up. They can hate! I wont care! and neither should I! I cant melt the sun like Filipa, im nothing but a weak wax candle next to her, but I only managed to
get this far by stubburnly going against the rule that narcissists deserve forgiveness! I wont give up! I WONT!


Type: Musical Single
Genre: Rap with breakcore beat
Title: Stride faster to compensate for the slow suffering.
Desc: "Get to your destinations without hesitation! Breathe well, conserve energy for every sprint. Never doubt yourself. Move forward. Weakness is just hesitant strength! Pure strength comes from embracing that you are not a fiend! And that you are just an incompetent retard who obviously does not do things well! Just do the job! And just correct it if you fail! Be apathetic of your success! Because it is merely all thats expected of you!  Life is purely math! If it is not, then you are all wrong! Specially for you, Ester!" Thank you, Deolinda.

Type: Musical Single
Genre: I have no idea. 
Title: Hopefully until I die, I grasp one spec of  Filipa's wisdom
Desc: Filipa, I know you wont forgive me... Ive been trying so hard... I can already lift normal children weights at the gym! And can walk for 15 minutes without collapsing! I feel overall better. I still tried to kill myself this week... twice... and failing too mutch will still give me too mutch confidence... but that also applies to everything else. But thats weak talk! I failed my PT who is proud of me! I failed that kind man who helps me raise my weights when tweaking over toddler loads as a 20's year old. I failed! Im getting a feeling suicide attempting will become an addiction... but hopelessness will just make it more certain I fail... to survive... whatever what you call the highway pileup that is my emotions right now, he he!... he he!... And... you still dont see me? Are you trying to get me to give up? NO! YOU WEAKLING! SHE IS RIGHT! YOU DESERVE ALL OF THIS! YOU DESERVE ALL THE DESPAIR! All the weak lives pass through trials... to be brought to real life again! Beat the monster. No. Crack the puzzle! And move on! But... is it bad... that you, stubburnly or not, still ignore me?

Type: Musical Single
Genre: Cover.
Title: Chikoi the Maid - Leaving the Reality (vocal cover)
Desc: This piece is for the doubters. Those that say: "You are fake! You did nothing! You re sitting on your ass making it all up." People also doubted garreth bale. I just have to put you in your place! because I even left my real identity behind! I am remaking myself right now. My old expectations changed, I am no longer a cheater or a blood thirsty, pretty looking, disgusting moth, a vermin of a paranoid silverfish wandering around a magical soul's livelyhood! I did everything I did not do before! And will forever keep going, until I obtain the humanity that God never wanted me to have! I am now... beyond good and evil! Struggle and convenience! Darkness and light! So... am I done? Heck no!


Type: Musical Single
Genre: Maidcore (as me)
Title: Silverfish
Desc: I wander around a magical soul's livelyhood, sucking on all the wood, doing slow and insignificant damage. I am the princess of evil, who needs a bench to reach the seat of the throne. I walk on 6 legs, the two remaining being the delicate balance of guilt and arrogance. I am now a drug lab's lackey. And  how low above ground  my lab is frustrates me. I need to sneak from my lab past 4 flights of stairs with security cams to get to cracking-myself-in-half heights, for crying out loud! Small animals really do not have any fall damage... If they are not even strong enough to climb that high... The white walls look at me, the smell of colorfull, artificial liquids breaks into my throat... The flourescent lighting bakes me alive! I am brainrotting myself on purpose working here! Is it punishment? I dont know... I miss and need  more color! I am a prisioner plotting for my escape everyday.
Not my best one I know. I will be better. Dont really like to channel the feeling of being a spineless insect, but hope you liked it. Until next time, if I survive until next time...


Type: Musical Single
Genre: Maidcore (as me)
Title: Silverfish (Censored)
Desc: I wander around a magical soul's livelyhood, sucking on all the wood, doing slow and insignificant damage. I am the princess of evil, who needs a bench to reach the seat of the throne. I walk on 6 legs, the two remaining being the delicate balance of guilt and arrogance. I am now a drug lab's lackey. And  how low above ground the windows are frustrates me. I need to sneak from my lab past 4 flights of stairs with security cams to not even be able to stick it, for crying out loud! The white walls look at me, the smell of colorfull, artificial liquids breaks into my throat... The flourescent lighting bakes me alive! I am brainrotting myself on purpose working here! Is it punishment? I dont know... I miss and need  more color! I am a prisioner plotting for my escape everyday.
Not my best one I know. I will be better. Dont really like to channel the feeling of being a spineless insect, but hope you liked it. Until next time, if I survive until next time...


We are in lourinhã. Ester is on her way back to college after another visit to Adrianos house where filipa was. Filipa had just laughted at Esters plea for acceptance, once again. "Out of here, you skunk! I will never ever respect you! You are just a shallow disney princess! rat! A shark! A vacumm! Nothing!" Ester planned for it. Even though she is training her spirit very hard everyday so she can think somewhat less and feel a bit more, to be like filipa, as her guide, Deolinda, suggested as her path to victory, her extreme resourcefulness is still on full display, as she counted and calculated, virtually by hand, all the calories, all the psychic powered flight stops and trajectories she would take on her way back. If she was accepted, she was expecting rejection so hard, that all her calculations would fall short in case of success... Anyway, she then turns around and walks at exactly 3 kph non stop until she reaches the Novo banco ATM. She lines up and flies to a very specific manhole near a bar, on the highest point of a descending street that leads to the bus station (where she would eat and sleep), as it is midnight and there is no one outside to see it. She knew she was stuck in lourinhã for the night. she gets to the manhole. She lines up again. Suddently, she feels a presence. Its stenches and it is wicked and twisted! Alive, but somehow so cruel! Its cold! And purely mechanical! Its psych2go! (First to talk is psych2go) "Sooo!!!!... Its you again!!!!!!. Missed me after I packed you up and left you to the fishes???!!!!" *Goofy music starts playing, as Ester looks absolutely unbothered... bored... even underwhelmed* "Look..
 can we like... part ways or something? I was in the middle of something... uhhh... can you like... get of the way? I dont really want to talk to strangers now... and you ruined me hair last time we met, you know that?" "WHO CARES ABOUT HAIR???!!!!! I AM BACK IN BUSINESS! AND LOOK WHO IS WITH ME!"   (Lucia appears behind psych2go, just tall enough to cover her) "Really? Bih you sure are flaky.... how did that pile of white gunk and sewer pudding end up enlisting you to their army of losers this time?" "JOIN ME! WE WILL RULE THE LIGHT AND THE SHADOWS AND WE WILL LOOK DOWN ON THOSE WHO DEFY THOSE WHO WANT EMPATHY! AND COMPASSION! FILIPA WILL GET WHAT SHE DESERVES!" "Leave filipa out of this! She has nothing to to with you! You remind me of myself! *spit!* I think I am sick now! Now... OUT OF MY WAY!JUST TAKE OVER THE WORLD IF YOU REALLY WANT IT THAT MUCH! I DONT ACTUALLY CARE YOU SEE?! I just want to head back to college now, ok? I am wasting precious essential calories here! So MOVE IT! YOU CANCER! GGRRRRR!!!!" "What if I dont?! Are you really going to face me here? What if the people get caught in the crossfire?!" "phfeh! Only idiots need to make such a mess to pack you up! Im gonna do it right now wanna see? WATCH THIS! YOU TOO LUCIA, YOU DOORMAT!" "What the hell did I do?" This is said as the goofy music ceases and Helios from Yakui the Maid starts playing and Ester charges up all her pent up frustration while glowing white as she breathes calmly to get a good feel for her own power so she does not let go too soon. Then she BLITZES AT PSYCH2GO! THE DREADED MONSTER COULD NOT EVEN FOLLOW! AS ESTER STANDS RIGHT IN PSYCH'S FACE, SHE PULLS BACK HER ARM(she is using her psychic powers. Its like she is controlling herself with a remote. That is the essence of psychic powers. They can be visualized as a wave of infinite strings that can be allocated and used at will with limited energy and intensity) WITH FULL FORCE AND RAMS IT THROUGH PSYCH2GO's HEAD SO HARD THE BONES ON HER HAND SHATTERED! BUT SHE ALSO MANAGED TO GET HOLD OF PSYCH2GOS HEAD SEED, ITS MAIN SOURCE OF POWER AND THE ULTIMATE INGREDIENT FOR ITS REGENERATION, AND WITH THE OTHER ARM SHE CHARGES A THROW AND CHUCKS THAT SEED SOOOO HIGH INTO THE AIR! ITS AIRBORN AS SHE MUSTERS UP ALL HER COURAGE WHILE IGNORING HER PAIN, USING ALL HER POWER TO SQUISH THE SEED WITH COMPRESSED AIR! THERE IS A 15 METER BALL OF COMPRESSED AIR IN THE MIDDLE OF LOURINHÃS MAIN PLAZA AND SHE SQUEEZES AND SQUEEZES AND "WRRAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!" AND IT BLOWS UP! ITS LIKE THUNDER! And the seed.... is gone. She lands in the ground. As psych2go drops dead, she looks at Lucia and is like: "*tsk*....." and... just walks off! Lucia says "You... have broken bones!! get to a doctor quickly! you ha-"  "I know! I will go there when I feel like it! Now disappear and quit nagging me!" And Ester flies away to the bus station.