Leonor:
Type: (incredibly immature) Human.
Age: 17 (F)
Height: 157cm
Weight: 53 kg
built like a bratty manga hyperactive antihero with yelling for toughts. Shes got the way oversized fit, the big eyes, the huge mouth (literally and figuratively) and the small canine sticking out her mouth with her mouth closed. She dresses flashily, but not pretentiously. All her freetime money is spent on anime merchandise that she wears proudly. 
Desc: She despises elderly women from azerbaijan between the ages of 57 and 63. Because "The menopause just kicks in and ruins all yar flow! Its a moodswing paradise of unresolved issues and frustration with lack of ovulation! The end of your best years! LOOKING AT THEM MAKES ME THINK ABOUT THE FUTURE AND I HATE IT!". Ah, she works as a therapist for "the funsies" and "to discover who is the most exciting person on the planet! I will meet them and have fun! Oh and treat depression and stuff thats alright too I guess..." She once got a male patient who "Was coping with a need for connection and masturbated obcessively and wanted to stop." She basically said: "Would you yank it for me? Whos stopping you? Bro you could have killed, you could have robbed... what a lame way to start a crime career... anyway thats not a problem." "Its... an obcession. Please help me!" "Oh... *awkward*... ok. *deep breath* listen: Its only an obcession when you do it for too long. Your eyes seem lonely and by our previous conversations you seem... oblivious to the beauty of life. Your so obcessed with whats wrong that thats all you think about. Being ready to change and take action is not about some cloudy notion of "discipline" gym bro we go beach bro muscle head sunglasses weirdos like to yapp endlessly about. Its about perspective. You are bright, not afraid of practicality. You struggle with straightforward work, but thats ok. Set a timer. Do it in sets. If you are over stimulated, it often means you look too vertically and not enough laterally. You feel like you lack optiobs because your inner doubts make you get retarded dumb dumb cynical autist tunnel vision!" "did you call me autistic? Why? Thats mean?" "The words dont mean a damn thing! Read the room! Try to collect yourself. Your just so lost in vague doubts and incomplete and dubious aspirations. You should look both ways. AND THEN... confront those doubts head on. Dont mock them. Dont accuse them. They are a subset of you and are trying to warn you abouy something you feel like youre missing. TELL THEM THAT YOU GET IT ALREADY AND understand them first. They will tell you you cant even obey your wishes, you cant even be you. THEN YOU TELL THEM TO SHUT UP! AND BE FREE!!! MASTURBATE EVEN HARDER! And then... Take on the whole world by yourself! You rule this planet! Go crazy! Just remember to not keep doing it when you are already bored of it. Life is a fruit basket. Dont only focus on a particular fruit." She got the degree at 15 and was mesmerized everytime she got an exam because "I got so mutch time I needed a new one so I would not fall asleep and fail! These people around me are just so slow! I like kafka! Life does not make sense! Get over it paperwork rule nerds!". Often falls asleep in meetings when conversations need more method instead of heart. Can outargue suicidal people due to the, very often, completly absurd, but, at the same 
 time, weirdly valid frames of mind she induces in her patients with persuasion. "Identity is like sand! You can throw it at peoples faces or make a castle! That... makes sense, right?" She got Marta, who was an intern with Ester's sociopathic psychiatrist, Deolinda, to say: "WHAT....? THIS ONE IS EVEN WORSE!!!! WHAT DO THESE PEOPLE... WHAT... WHO... HOW....... WHY??!!!!!" "Poor little intern. Some people just dont get True genius like mine! I will purify you, with love, absurdity and a touch of charm. Because I am the main character. And so are you and so is everyone else! Everyone is the Main character! And I rule the world like the fire nation from avatar! Wait thats not an an-"


Diary of gods fallen angel! Behold mortals, as your wallnut sized noggins melt struggling to comprehend my GENIUS!


I sit bored in my room after work day. This pacient was one of many I INSPIRED WITH MY MAIN CHARACTER SPIRUTUAL PRESSURE! HE WAS DOWN IN THE DUMPS THEN I CAME IN CLUTCH AND BROUGHT HIM BACK TO A BEAUTIFUL WORLD! YEA IM BUILT LIKE THAT!!!! But... its because of what his problem was. I knew just how to fix it. It felt... personal. I connected with the problem. He was struggling with existential dread. He was a 13 year old boy... wanting do die because... he thought that... thats what we all come here to do anyway. What I told him does not matter. I felt like I planted a good seed and Im just hoping for the best in the coming sessions. I also remembered about the beauties of life myself. Fun with pals, running like a decapitated chicken while you scream out your favourite song with a KILLER ANGELIC VOICE THAT MELTS GODS HEARTS! Playing videogames in your room, watching kids outside doing dumb things while you are a full on grown ass civilian working already, forgetting that and joining on the teenage stupor, visiting the local  highschool to observe and think about how much I missed out on... ahh... lifes good.... no one ever say that lifes not good... 



Can I even perform? Ok I filled out some paper... and apparently that was enough to be spat out into a therapy office. Aw man... how did I even get here? Mom? Dad? is there school tomorrow?


Life goes so fast... Outside of work, all I do is run around, watch anime and eat. I am 17 and I did not even leave my parents' house yet. I cannot speak with my highschool friends because they all thought I was annoying and were glad to be "freed from her". I spend my days melting in the sun, soaking in the rain and cars keep passing me by. All people around me talk to eachother and I participate using my imagination. I get it. I am a genius. Now where is the prize I was promissed?


Deolinda: "If she studies basic biology... maybe a mix between nutricionist and a cheerleader coach?"


Deolinda: "As a clown... she would be ideal. As a comedian, she would receive more money. As a youtuber, she would be known by all. But as a therapist.... eeeeeeeehhhhh...."

Goku is my mentor and naruto is a mood. Akui the maid is my hero


Lenor art goes hard (here):

Type: Musical Single
Genre: Maidcore
Title: Dorei the Maid: Pathetic Creatures (Straight, but credited, youtube reupload with anime thumbnail. I have no musical talent.)
Desc: Sigh... I did not have such a good day, you know? Its always been the same since I got out of college... I have no actual friends, my old High School peers see me as nothing but a mere anoying inconvenience, all days are the same, all the days... are definitely days though... with 24 hours, a day, a night... job... eating... bathroom and sleeping. Its pretty cool! Ive also not got.... uhhhhh.... a..... a.... b...... bo-....... boy-.... boyfrie-.....-nd yet too.... Its fine... lifes pretty good! Job... games... patients... reports... anime... ya... its... ful...filling. Im only 17 too soo... thats cool... Im... proud of.. myself, yes. Its... cool. Psychiatrist position too... my own office... Those bastards in Highschool are campers. Those bastards in college are dumb. My parents eat solid DooDoo and my patients are allways absolute, pathetic losers. Do you know those campers in Call Of Duty? You know... Like... those that dont memorize the maps and just stay in the same spot during whole rounds, not moving... They just stay zoomed in to the same fucking ladder or window the whole game. Its like they are. Fucking. Autistic! You get in their face and they immediatly start shooting everywhere... except me, of course, like junk fucking robots! You move like two centimeters and they take like 2 seconds to realize it! And then, they realize it and then you move aga- like theyre fucking dumb! Theyre so damn Stupid! Pathetic bags of cake stuffing! All they do is consume glucose. Thats all they are for! They are the tunnel vision retard generation. Like... They all choose a life where they only want one thing and they are so hyperfixated and urrrgggnnn!!! Theyre like bacteria in a petri dish! They bump into another bacteria, dodge. Bump into another. Dodge. Bump. Dodge. Dumb! Grrrrhnnn!!!! And they are so pathetic! You tell them the shit you are suposed to say and they are like: "Ohhhh.... Thanks! That is soooo smart!" No its not! Youre just super retarded! Why dont you buy a better brain? I heard they sell those on the black market nowdays... you should check one out, you slimmy, slug, grime producing thingy! One with actual wrinkles on it, too! They shoot like  3/4 of their clip into space and then realize i am like 8 degrees to their left it pisses me off! Its the same for my parents, my highschool peers, my college professors (Uuurrrggggghhhhhnnnn!!!!.Their vapid yapping makes me want to fucking blow up! They are the absolute worst!), my college peers are like crash test dummies! Theyre on their way to that, at least, with the trash they eat and drink all fucking day... fucking degenerates... and then they end up in my office where I have to yap about the same shit over. And over. And over again! Imagine being such a loser that you need ALCOHOL in any way, like, full stop! Imagine needing it at all! And you know what? God should launch an update! Like... tear all this shit appart and rebuild it from scratch. All the npcs use bethesda AI anyway... And the other half. DOES. NOT. WANT. TO. BE. HERE!
I feel like the therapist when the credit card declines and they are a black buffalo calf that ended up suddently alone and faced with a lion because they were coincidentally good at math. 