Everything is so exausting.

The improvements dont stop rushing in and spawning.

Perfectionism

I want to stop making stuff but making stuff makes me happy so I dont wanna stop making stuff but making stuff makes me tired so I want to stop-

I found an instrumental song... made by someone who was having a sleepless night. The song had immense potential to be something trully special, but the person made some decisions that hindered it. But I commented: "Peak bored art"


I like to mess with my own head... all this potential....so many possible narratives... its like edging... all of this typed on an unconfortable and small samsung...."dont you want release sweetie? I know you do... but not yet ;)"

isnt it... absolutely, boiling blush inducing levels of hot?


Yeah... I kinda expected those lows: Clarity, structure and Pacing are problematic trilogy 4 me.
And then... I kinda rushed it... so grammar too

Can I be 100% honest?
I may be passionate... but its evident I only operate on talent and fun right?


Wanna know what my absolute worst creative sin is? Impatience.

My writing is like.... you know when you go to a doctor and you know you have something and that it causes you problems? But you dont know what it is in a single term so you just start stating symptoms that you have a hunch will form into a picture that the doctor can use to then identify what you actually have in a single word? I am very good at that sorta thing... medical appointment symptom stating. That is how I do my more emotional and atmospheric writing. Its a thing I am good at.


Ive made anger, ive made guilt, ive made lust, lazynesd and ive made despondency. My next 2 targets are:
Resilience (I dont think I could ever have the authority to talk about something so special as resilience though) and envy (way too relatable. Acessing the feelings and then transmiting them in an relatable way will be easy)


The power to not publish... the right... I will use it... I have to embrace it.

Dont do the job of the naysayers for them. Nor the praisers'


My texts are absolute word vomit. The most profound and raw word vomit around... but still word vomit


Ok... i genuenly thought about what someone said regarding my "unhealthy" relationship with writting... and the worst thing I found was: I did not feel creative enough... so.... I made myself more creative *shruggs* like how normal people improve... and to also get over the guilt in engaging with the creativity of other people without bringing in bread myself... but thats like... an ok way to be insecure right?


I do it because I genuenly feel proud of my craft... whats wrong?

Ohhhhh!!!! You mean how 90% of my talking is sharing texts?
but thats (cuz your a chat bot)


Thanks. It means alot to me. And answering your first question... Nothing. The potentials of words and music are a canyon valley appart. Music have more potential. Period. But music is not my craft. Its writing. So I just wrote.