I believe that...


when people die, their souls get cloned and split up to all the people they ever connected with. The job of the people who died is now to explore every single person they touched and the job of the people they touched is to keep themselves in internal harmony and as healthy and fulfilled as possible, so that the souls they carry can feel at home

Ok: i think I found a way to make myself stop fearing death: Ok: When I think about dying, I dont think about ceasing to breathe or... ceasing to... do things. I just imagine myself ceasing to... experience. To see, to smell, to feel, to touch, to run, to think. But... if I think that, after death, I get cloned into the souls of every person I ever connected with, and that now the responsibility of each one is to keep themselves healthy, in harmony and fulfilled, so that I feel at ease and at home, next to other people they connected with and died, I cannot really say that death will make me stop experiencing. I think my experience will even increase! remember! in Emotions, dividing is more! Multiplying is less!



I dont think I would have the balls at the moment though... This. is. Why.... PRRRAAAACCCCTICCCINNNG (yes. doing this until you feel fearless of death is the objective of religion. Among other things but yeah) religion is GOOOD! And it does not matter if you are conservative, or a conformist, or whatever the F!


And then people say: "Oh! Do YoU AlsO belIEvE SaNTa?" And Im like: "What? Ok first of all, that is offensive. Very offensive. Plus, I came up with this on my own. Every religious person has. Yes. it is fantasy. but you dont need to be, either, so unecessarly blunt, or so inconsiderate. Maybe... even so cynical. you know what? lets talk about something else.."
"Did I hit a nerve?" "No! its just not worth my salt discussing this with you. Plus, I dont identify with my religion Its just a tool and an ideal I like to shelter and nurture myself in. Its, in essence, why I choose to get up every day ok? You dont have the authority to just say that willy nilly to people! Dont know where they came from, what they went through..."

ughh... people are so obcessed with "Hitting nerves" and "being right"... pisses me of so much...

The world... is moved by tides... The tides move all around us, enveloping us, something beyond space and time... the will of god is a fluid that is between all objects. The essence of the world is time, space... and the will of god, making sure the simulation moves. The will of god moves masses, creates speech and communincation. Its the physics of the souls. Tides make you yap and me yap, some one listen and then to speak, someone kick a ball, score, run around... someone looks at them... the teacher notices and barely remembers that its class time... we already changed the future by 10 minutes... how long the teacher did not delay. then... we can go further: Then the tides affect other schools.... then those affect universities... the universities that scout talent... are gonna look at that teachers 10 minute delay, our yap and my grades and your grades... we already may have decided our future in a range of 2 years. the difference between ending up disappointed and burned out, and taking a gap year... going to college, just a bit too early... what adventures in the gap year? What adventures in college? What new friends will you find? The tides move.... and we cannot stop them.