Introspection

To grow ones identity, one should be open minded, brave and pure. The process happens in your inner world. The inner world is filled with several fluids: Your desires, your fears. Your goals. All of them are.. your identity, all contained, in a vessel called the soul. This stretches from deep inside you, to the surface, where it becomes... the ego. What one should do is get that fluid... to as close as possible to the surface. The soul will grow to contain it, creating character, the overall capacity for identity. One should have a straw, a straw that cannot be picky - open mindedness. Deep. - brave. Pure. Cannot be clogged. One starts by first, by stretching the straw. get it as close as possible to ones identity. That is done through... soul searching. Freeing ones mind of the superfulous and futile. Then... once it can reach, we should start sucking on the straw, to reel in the fluid... to the surface... slowly. One should do it everyday, and not let up, making the identity ever more strong and convinced. The identity will then fill all corners of ones life, filling it with purpose. And one should really not let up, or the liquid will fall once again. Once it reaches the surface. one should test it against the elements. Keep indulging in ones own energy. making sure it holds. One should be pure and unbiased. when it starts overflowing, it creates... character.

2.0 version.

Its not a straw. Its a straight tunnel on the earth. its not juice... its petrol. And... the tunnel does not just disappear.... it gets covered by eroded sand and dust in the air that covers it over time. The petrol gives me energy... I have to be constantly digging... and this petrol is more dense and pure the more I am willing to dig. If I just go for a shallow sip, Its harder to pull up. But If I really STAB it in, Lots will pop out. But digging is hard... very hard... you will find shiny things you want to keep along the way... so you may also take breaks... like minerals that are like little quirks about yourself, although the petrol is the real deal. And the more that sprouts out and the more you keep digging... with all you have through the hard rock, with better and better hardware, with other mining companies (people) to help you, the more ideas will sprout out (the more delivery cars get refueled)