I wish mind games were a sport. I want to go blow for blow in a mind game contest with someone. I wanna see how cruel I can really be....I want there to be Elo rankings too. And an 'asshole dor'

Not healthy? Neither is fighting. People do it all the time. Cte is not healthy for the brain. Mind games are not healthy for the identity. I dont give a percent of a damn

Both people would consent

Punching someone in the face also is not productive


Damn it! You are so close minded! Why cant there be violent mind sports?


I have some rules for mind games then: They cant go near eachother before the fight, they have to read the person on the spot and they cant use slurs

Attack example for when you notice someone starting to take just a bit too much than they serve: "Use your 3 neurons. Rub em. Make some smoke"


There are 2 strategies you can use for defense depending on how you train your ego and mask: If you make your mask in a way thats highly compressed and with an outer surface closer to the ego, you become weaker to cannon types (Like MBTI IJs and EJs, that can just pierce you, and having a really dense pierced wall and having no wall is the same) but rapid fire types will not do crap most of the time (like IPs and EPs). But if you make your mask less dense, you can make your mask absorb EJs and IJs by slowing down their low ammounts of bombs type offense. But rapid fire people can just melt through that. Also... having a fluffier mask is a rock paper scissors matchup in that users favor against people who like to guard up and counter  albeit those  people usually also have fluffy, pillowy masks. Honest people have High density, low thickness masks. Narcissists are the opposite. But these are ego based tactics. Then... there are emotion based tactics, and, in a nutshell, they are basically like reflective damage. The person attacking deals way more damage to the emotion player, but gets stung, stunned, burned and now risks a possibly devastating blow if the emotional person shells up quickly enough and starts hurling raw, honest, devastating fireballs.

​if I text *... My name is [my real name]...* (then saying 'not my real name' in parentheis like this), is this a good trick to save mental bandwidth from dissonance? (It is... here is why)
​logical manipulators cannot guarantee anything. 'Is this the bastard's name or not?'