Title: She grows her lungs on daisy fields. (Yakui the maid cover with Feminine boy vocals)

Genre: The original song is maidcore. And adding vocals does not change the genre.

Type: Musical Single.

Author: Me.

Vibe: "No... I cant write it yet... this feeling... its too personal... to hard to bring out... so much inside that has to be handled with such care... " *sigh...* "Such extreme sports with vulnerability I play... but someone has to listen right? One day..." Ok... lets see... 
She grows her lungs on daises field... a song by yakui the maid. A man so, so used to being consumed by inner turmoil, disconnection and who grapples with closeted cynnicism. Typical russian man... in a country devoid of any conventional beauty. A country hard to relate to. The language... the customs... its all so mysterious... yet... through his music... the people who find him can also find themselves In him. The way he roams the streets like a human camera. The way he roams his own soul like a miner... only to find facts and logic creativity... logic that masks as rawness. Rawness he wants to bring out so badly... so he can tell us what he really, really, really wants. But never able to. Yes, you have wounds, Yakui. Yes... degeneration... faint hope... its all very descriptive and factual. Its all very insightful. It all reveals expert craftsmanship and dedication. Talent and keen insights. But... although you can describe to us what the feelings look like... you never told us... why, Yakui? Is it longing? Grief? Anger? Sadness? The vibe is all there, you brilliant man of insight and thought. You, a man with as much magic in his soul as Ricardo Quaresma has on the legs, body and feet. Its like a rollercoaster, I know. But... your feelings have reasons. You have ambitions. Do you refuge yourself in art, because there is something you want to do but are not? Is it something you dont have? Is it something you are curions about? Is it... someone you like? The colors, the sounds, the connection, the coherence and the authenticity are all there. But... where do you want to go? Whats your purpose, Yakui? I found my answer to that question. Very briefly... but I did. Im gonna share it with you, using a language you understand: Poetry. Language. Creativity. I am a boy. A boy that is deceptively brave and confident. Swimming in the waves of my inner world, I find new lands every waking moment. A sailor of the 7 virtues, sins and the 10 commandments. An apprentice of now deceased psychoanalyst Carl Jung. I obcess over emotions. I obcess over personality and behaviour. People and their stories. I am a Seeker... looking at nuance, consuming it, almost gorging. "Fun. Cool. New. Fun. Cool. New. Fun. Cool. New." Yes... that is me. See yourself in this that I am saying, warm russian man from the cold russian country? But... dont worry if you cannot make sense of it... just like with you, with me, there is never a point, 'quanto mais' an ambition... Because... just beneath the surface... on the outskirts of the shape of my ego, there are things I am not looking at or doing... That I express violently without noticing.
Ambition... I think I know what I want: I want...  Just comment on the imagery. Its in progress. And I plan on maintaining that style. Please... dont comment on writing tech ok? Please. I defend myself with fantasies of coherence and confidence... with the facade of being self contained and sure of myself. But I am not. ok? I change, I adapt to everything. I have emotions that refuse to be defined... desires unspoken of... untouchable by sound 'quanto mais' words, flowing out of me no matter how airtight my logic becomes, so all the understanding... all the figuring out... all the explaining... its futile. I can and will never win. The girl in the steppe that you describe in this instrumental... with the big, reassuring, yet uncertain, black eyes of a neurotic, poetic scientist, the face with no acessories whatsoever, just really pale skin, the small, black bowlcut flowing in the wind, the black colored and simple clothes of infancy with the small skirt... the fully covered, flat torso, the striped leggins, the childlike body, the faintly yellow colored, big, japanese oby, around her waist... a fastened tight at the back, the arms and legs spread out with majestic, flowing, dancing motion... smiling subtly, yet warmly at us... in the grass... in the empty, cold, eastern russian plains... pacing her way around, rythmically and freely, no logic, no understanding, no mask, no ego... just emotion... just unwavering hope while engulfed in the colossal cave... that is her inner void, roaming infinitely expanding plains... with so much to see, so much to explore... so much new inhaling and exhaling yet to be done... in a desolated and dry realm that expands towards the horizon... never reaching it... but still boundless... the uncertainty of what each gust of wind entails... each conclusion... each detail... each nuance... overwhelms the psyche and makes one want to both cry in joy and scream in despair. Its like... I find beauty in things but then cant enjoy them because there is always, always logic in the way... Its beautiful... but has to make sense... isnt that right, Yakui? 'Professional Degenerate Music'... 'Aspergirl'... 'Tips and tricks for the lazy and stupid'. I think... you have a chaotic mind... always drowned into innadequacy... but always fighting back. Chaotic like the character you embody: Yakui the Maid. A drug crafting, Overdose indulging, pharmacology nerd that is both unhinged and principled. You know... I know what I want. I want for people to see the real me. A sad, fem-brained boy inside a desperate, sassy man. A child laying on her bitter mother's lap that is longing for true connection. Because... Ive been putting on so many masks... so many layers... what am I? I can describe it perfectly... but I still have no clue. I can predict myself fully and then... become so proud at that achievment... as if predicting myself was something... that actually matters. All I want... is a hug. Ive been telling myself time and time again that I need no one. That I can do just fine alone. But... there has to always be someone who listens... otherwise I will become detached from my kind... rot... and die. So as I dance, gliding with my feet across the empty, dry, cold asian plains... with only the lingering fire all the way from childhood to keep me from curling up and screaming in desperation, I look for that someone. I look... not for novelty... but familiarity. I dance as I feel the chilling, yet refreshing vibes of a faint, now fully exposed sun... letting me see the whole me... to explore. The trees... naked. The soil... dry like ash. But... with all the water from the tears I will eventually let out, with the warmth of the hugs I will receive, I will eventually, eventually, maybe accept myself in whatever package I may come in... by growing in me trees of belonging. I will embrace my place in the world  oneday... and quietly serve it... instead of doubting. The blue, boundless, refreshing and tranquil skies of 2 in the afternoon, in the chilling field... filling me with the optimism of a new morning in a monday... the hope of a new week as I approach yet another challenge, the hardest one yet. After such a long, long, long time... so many masks, identities, entertaining and fun mind games... puzzles from my essence layed out for others to solve... at the same time solving my own... After crafting so many useless toys from the breaths of air I let out... pouring my awkwardly shaped soul into each one... I decided what my true need is: Finding love.



--------------*Author notes*---------------


It was allll written....with a samsung phone.

I dont use autocorrect....I typed on Simple Text Editor. But the constantly fat fingering gets old real fast

Its just the text thats mine ok? Claiming that image as my own would taint my soul and all my future bloodlines' with shame for generations to come