Adriano:
Type: Human
Age: 21 years (M)
Weight: 60 kg
Height: 170cm
Averagely built
Desc: An average boy, of average stature. Frail spirit. First card to be made. Powered by depressive melancholy. Resilient. Easly manipulated. Kind. Autistic. Easly carried away by his pessimism. Depressed easly. Has a crush on Sofia. Likes sports, but not obcessed. Enjoys maidcore. During the race with Filipa and others which he almost won, (and where he worked the most out of anyone, despite not even being close to as athletic as the rest). His frail spirit is also his greatest strength. Everything needs improvement. The kind of guy to get mocked by his teacher over not getting the same grades as a girl (which he finds offensive, despite not even being mysoginistic) and, due to how mutch of an atrocity to his individuality he finds it to be... he... just studies harder, and longer, in paralel to the tenths of other things he is slightly or extremely ashamed of and is working on. His willpower, for these reasons, runs very thin, so is easly teased. His reactions make him ashamed two fold, from his meta-shame from his shame, shame of reacting, shame of being a boy, ashamed of being a selfish loser whos never done anything productive ever (and genuenly believes it too)......... shame, shame, shame... is a covert narcissist (gets offended when getting told that, feeling rebelious angst and righteousness) Is like what would happen if the stereotypical teenage, emo, loser nerd was real. But feels like everyday is a chore. Subconsiously... "Today, this person A will like me. Person B will me excited I exist and Person C will give me compliments in class. I bet my crush will not even look at me... Im just a pant pissing, disgusting loser who thinks is important... I also did my very best to do the often unimportant things I force myself to work on for the sake of some vague sense of approval and security. "I did not get any compliments out of that. Is it because its bad? HOW DARE THEY SAY ITS BAD????!!!!! WHAT IF ITS BAD???!!! AM I BAD????!!!! AM I DISGUSTING?????!!!!! " Then internalizes it and its one more of them to the hunk of cristalized psychological waste  he collects everyday, completly missing out on  the true beauties of life. He trully does not understand life that well... But he does work hard... And when trully provoked, his righteous spirit gets tempered and all the impurities burned away, forged in a fire of the past injustices he was a target of, and also the responsible for. He has no defense. But when his sadness gets crystalized into vague and confusing, blurry energy, thats when his brilliance comes in. He just decides: "Fuck dem thoughts" and just gets it done. No matter the restrictions, the fatigue, the injustice or the expectation.