Ana
Type: Human
Age: 13 (F)
Height: 156cm
Weight: 56kg
Rather normal build. Nothing out of porportion or of the ordinary.
Desc: Re's beloved "best friend". She is curious, a natural ponderer and deeply attuned and attached to the worlds many beauties (including Re). Re's presence as a mentor revitalized her as a growing child. Her parents are still alive and trust Re's presence, although they became resentful when it left "It could see so mutch... was it not born with compassion?! It left our baby!!!!!". A natural philosopher, is dismissive of the practicalities of life, prefering to fuse with everything she likes, by learning. She wants to be a traveller that learns about the various cultures spread around this now desolate world. Stepping her heavy boots on broken glass, cracked and broken cement and walking across the forgotten and once prosperous woods, she, with her parents' approval, gets by by going as far away as possible from home and staying wherever necessary, allways doing chores or work in return. Every month, she comes back to see her parents. When asked about a career, she answers quickly and bluntly: "I want to be a mathematician! Because they can think, and think, and think and get money from it! Im sure I can survive that way!" Not really interested in bragging or even teaching. She is like "A sponge. A liquen of the culture that surrounds me. This may sound underwhelming, but if I could, I would be a professional tourist!" I wish I could view other realities. Or even... beyond the concept of reality. I just want to see, see and think. And think... and move. And feel. And grasp. And taste, touch and smell." Allways with a cheerful smile on face as she goes through the most brutal environments, with her trusty beretta, that she allways carries a maintenance kit for, as a defense against hostile mutants and scavanger gangs. Her only passion is existence itself. And she throbbs with every new sound, every new language. Every familiar face. Her parents felt powerless, but recognized their position without complaining. "We spend our days making sure she has everything. But we can never beat visitors when it comes to stimulation. She can never be excited about us. She can only be grateful. And kids her age only care about excitement. We are too immobile for her. We have to be liberal and try not to be too nosy. Because... otherwise... she wont grow. And because... she already does not need us." As Re patiently awaits, it then answers, before taking Ana to It's rubble cave under a fallen building. "Yes." Father then says father stuff ".....Behave when Re allows you in! Right, princess?" She smiled back. And then turned the other way, waiting for Re's frail and slow pace to put it side by side with her. There goes... one more month. This moment is before Re disappeared from the sight of this family.

