Name: Anitta
Type: (Very nostalgic) Human.
Age: 21 (F)
Height: 170cm
Weight: 75kg
Build: This young viber is born from very typical parents... who were also JumpStyle Djs. She wears early 2000s party clothes, has an almost sunburned tan at all times, (Except in chest area), loose top with some belly exposed. Not so toned belly.Has a piercing on her belly button. Has blonde hair and black eyes. She is known, school, as the "palette inverted quiet girl". Her clothing is always pink and colorfull. She only wears jackets and winter clothing when she ABSOLUTELY HAS TO. She has lots of rings in her left hand. its her writting hand. She wears funk style pants.
Desc: party girl with the cute jokes, the horrendosly sounding laugh, the lazy girl body consitution and the partier spirit. She is currently enrolled in IST in mechanical engineering, where she, somehow, barely hangs on every year. She is straight edge. But addicted to videogames. Likes to party at raves. Specialist in detecting lacing signs. She enjoys jumpstyle, playing dota, NOT studying, fried chiken, jokes with friends and has no future in her mind. She has nightmares every night about how shes gonna go to prison over how lazy she is. But during the day she is as bright as all the hottest stars in space combined. She enjoys looking up anything from cat videos, to articles debunking or prooving the existence of religion, to 'how to make stuffed chocolate cakes for 3 (14 steps)'. She is the typical student that floated through highschool but stopped trying at college because she deep down hates education. She wants to be a DJ like her parents, but they advised her to be a mechanical engineer due to her math prowess... but she feels deeply misunderstood, because the math in college and in highschool are simply not the same. 'Bro I dont get those proofs! I hate having to figure them out to then find out I was totally off! Its exausting! ok anyways... lets play dota!'. Used be really into making memes in social media and sharing them with people at parties to get a conversation going. "videogames, ugly, drunk women with sunburned tans and paler skin in chest area, cocky, tanned muscular men with pink shirts, 'azeiteiros', jumpstyle, rave parties, lacing attempts. 'HEY BRO TAS BEM? FOSTE MINADO OU QUE?', lanparties, parties in beaches at night, wet sand from humidity, the introverted couple kissing behind some rocks, going home back to my older brother, joining my mom in parties, counter strike 1.6, the old feeling of shallow, yet deeply fulfilled simplicity in our speech 'WOHOOOO!!! BORA FAZER BARULHO!', the angry neighbours... Thats my past, my present and my future. My true essence... those lan parties back when I was 12 and sneaking out of home instead of staying at night... I used to be like top 3 almost everytime... Daniel... Marco... Marcia.... Filipa... I wont forget When Filipa kicked me in the gut when I told her she looked beautiful that night... I did not really get her angle... Filipa... Where are you? I miss you... Im a girl who is a bit lost, but already found her callings and her essence... I wanna find you again... so we can talk it out... so we can put stuff on paper... so we can connect again...". Stuck in nostalgia, struggling currently to move forward in life, finding her current situation very disappointing and is deeply allienated from her surroundings. "Momma... I wish I could make you proud... Dad... I dont wanna let you down... But I am more self aware and happy than ever... so I guess its not so bad... not so bad... right? Why should we worry about the past... when we got today to live and tomorrow to secure... Why should we not move forward? While partying and having fun? I dont destroy my body, I dont destroy my mind... I should be able to get back up... right? But Everything is a haze, im lost, confused... I guess I really am... In the end... just another 21 year old girl". Currently loves the brazillian jumpstyle artist 'taconiel'. Her current biggest fear is becomming one of the ugly sun burn tanned degenerate women she recurrently visualizes in her dreams. She is afraid of not being enough and in becoming a burden for those around her. She, existentially, feels very certain that this will happen... and feels stale and worn out. She feels like she is a 40 year old middle aged woman who smokes and sleeps with lots of people. During the day, has headaches and is exausted from all the dancing and emotional and physical energy she spends, so gets grumpy at people. During the first half of the night, when she parties, she is... well... Anitta. During the second half of the night... she processes stuff. 

*Author notes*

Her name is inspired by the brazilian Artist 'Anitta' (The Brazilian Funk one)
She embodies 'Shitty life syndrome' (shoutout Dr.K from healthygamergg)
She is like an alternate dimension version of Filipa, the latter embodying punk rock. Anitta embodying jumpstyle and rave music.