Name: Anitta
Type: (Very nostalgic) Human.
Age: 21 (F)
Height: 170cm
Weight: 75kg
Build: This young viber is born from very typical parents... who were also JumpStyle Djs. She wears early 2000s party clothes, has an almost sunburned tan at all times, (Except in chest area), loose top with some belly exposed. Not so toned belly.Has a piercing on her belly button. Has blonde hair and black eyes. She is known, school, as the "palette inverted quiet girl". Her clothing is always pink and colorfull. She only wears jackets and winter clothing when she ABSOLUTELY HAS TO. She has lots of rings in her left hand. its her writting hand. She wears funk style pants.
Desc: party girl with the cute jokes, the horrendosly sounding laugh, the lazy girl body consitution and the partier spirit. She is currently enrolled in IST in mechanical engineering, where she, somehow, barely hangs on every year. She is straight edge. But addicted to videogames. Likes to party at raves. Specialist in detecting lacing signs. She enjoys jumpstyle, playing dota, NOT studying, fried chiken, jokes with friends and has no future in her mind. She has nightmares every night about how shes gonna go to prison over how lazy she is. But during the day she is as bright as all the hottest stars in space combined. She enjoys looking up anything from cat videos, to articles debunking or prooving the existence of religion, to 'how to make stuffed chocolate cakes for 3 (14 steps)'. She is the typical student that floated through highschool but stopped trying at college because she deep down hates education. She wants to be a DJ like her parents, but they advised her to be a mechanical engineer due to her math prowess... but she feels deeply misunderstood, because the math in college and in highschool are simply not the same. 'Bro I dont get those proofs! I hate having to figure them out to then find out I was totally off! Its exausting! ok anyways... lets play dota!'. Used be really into making memes in social media and sharing them with people at parties to get a conversation going. "videogames, ugly, drunk women with sunburned tans and paler skin in chest area, cocky, tanned muscular men with pink shirts, 'azeiteiros', jumpstyle, rave parties, lacing attempts. 'HEY BRO TAS BEM? FOSTE MINADO OU QUE?', lanparties, parties in beaches at night, wet sand from humidity, the introverted couple kissing behind some rocks, going home back to my older brother, joining my mom in parties, counter strike 1.6, the old feeling of shallow, yet deeply fulfilled simplicity in our speech 'WOHOOOO!!! BORA FAZER BARULHO!', the angry neighbours... Thats my past, my present and my future. My true essence... those lan parties back when I was 12 and sneaking out of home instead of staying at night... I used to be like top 3 almost everytime... Daniel... Marco... Marcia.... Filipa... I wont forget When Filipa kicked me in the gut when I told her she looked beautiful that night... I did not really get her angle... Filipa... Where are you? I miss you... Im a girl who is a bit lost, but already found her callings and her essence... I wanna find you again... so we can talk it out... so we can put stuff on paper... so we can connect again...". Stuck in nostalgia, struggling currently to move forward in life, finding her current situation very disappointing and is deeply allienated from her surroundings. "Momma... I wish I could make you proud... Dad... I dont wanna let you down... But I am more self aware and happy than ever... so I guess its not so bad... not so bad... right? Why should we worry about the past... when we got today to live and tomorrow to secure... Why should we not move forward? While partying and having fun? I dont destroy my body, I dont destroy my mind... I should be able to get back up... right? But Everything is a haze, im lost, confused... I guess I really am... In the end... just another 21 year old girl". Currently loves the brazillian jumpstyle artist 'taconiel'. Her current biggest fear is becomming one of the ugly sun burn tanned degenerate women she recurrently visualizes in her dreams. She is afraid of not being enough and in becoming a burden for those around her. She, existentially, feels very certain that this will happen... and feels stale and worn out. She feels like she is a 40 year old middle aged woman who smokes and sleeps with lots of people. During the day, has headaches and is exausted from all the dancing and emotional and physical energy she spends, so gets grumpy at people. During the first half of the night, when she parties, she is... well... Anitta. During the second half of the night... she processes stuff. 

Quotes: "I dont need you to do my homework. I just wish my life did not feel like a sea of warm tap water anymore..."
"Pathetic? I play videogames all day and all my life is determined by how long the parties are... I have tons of friends and dont care about any of them"
"People say im gonna turn into a middle aged woman degenerate that drinks beer all day and smokes and has a rough voice... also that I peaked in highschool and ran out of pretty girl priviledge and that that will be the end of me!"
"Crying BUT I WISH... I WAS OK! I WANT TO BE OK! WHY CANT LIFE BE OK? WHYYY!?????"
*Questions from her at the therapist*
"Like... why cant I just tell my parents that I hate my life? Why am I so scared?"
"And then... what do I even do? Where do I go? What if they dont want me anymore?"
"But why would my parents not love me? Is that possible?"
"But... the parties they went with with me, the food they gave me... they called me pretty when I was pretty and well behaved and they punished me when not and looked ugly!!! They are my parents! They... do love me! They do! right? They cant do all those things if they are not my parents!"
"No... but Im grateful they punished me! They prevented me from going to parties when I misbehaved or called teachers bad names! But they love me right? They do right?"
"My parents have to love me! Or I wont survive! they are the only people I ever cared about! also my support! They love me! They do love me! They love me! If they dont care, Ill be alone!"
"A billion people love me? How do you know that? A billion is 1/7th of earth! why would 1/7 of all people dedicate their lives to love me? I dont understand, sorry!"
"How do I stop having a shitty life?"
"But its my fault no? its not! it is? its not right? Why are you saying that its not my fault? Im confused! i dont know how to react! Sorry..."
"I also open up... WAYY to much... and people then run away!"
*A friend of hers suggested to go drinking at  a party*
"No! Dont do that! Dont drink please! You dont need that!"
*they were joking*
"Ahhh... thank god! That ruins your body!"


Persona:
Name: Anitta. 21 (F), 170cm, 75kg. sunburned tan, plain tops with bright colors, 80s funk jeans, heart tatoos on her arm, black eyes, long, smooth, blonde hair. Daytime partier, Nightime muser. Dislikes studying, is in college out of perceived obligation. Enjoys music, dancing, night raves, jumpstyle music, lan parties, hanging out with friends and having fun. binge gamer. her clothes allow us to see a slightly out of shape gut. straight edge. Parties at beach bars at night, fully clothed sea diving, cold portuguese coast with brother and mom. This is Anitta. Good at math. Currently, feels stale, lost and destined for failure. 'But... why worry about the future... when present is right here?.. right?.....'

*Author notes*

Her name is inspired by the brazilian Artist 'Anitta' (The Brazilian Funk one)
She embodies 'Shitty life syndrome' (shoutout Dr.K from healthygamergg)
She is like an alternate dimension version of Filipa, the latter embodying punk rock. Anitta embodying jumpstyle and rave music.
Fighters are strong and angry. Anitta is a dancer... because she is strong and... sad.