Name: Meek Boy disorder.
Type: (Very meek) Human
Age. 23 (M)
height: 160cm
Weight: 57kg
Build: Has grey eyes, brown tidy hair, blemishes and some blemish marks, wears glasses, dresses confortably. Formal when necessary. Is slightly thin. Loves 'Bombazine' pants. Likes sweaters with clocks. Reddish lips. Always has a sort of expression on face that says: "What? What is happening? Did someone call me?"
Desc: he is the type of guy who said no when his surprisingly open minded parents (You would not know when figuring him out), said: "son! Do you wanna get a piercing?" As he was too afraid of getting "Stabbed by some stranger with a very small thumb tac". Has a very meek, but not really insecure demeanour. Enjoys vibing and social harmony. Gets stuff done with some disconfort, but as he says: "I ball until its done. I can have fun after anyway...". Has average levels of work ethic. Is often seen in the background of the scene with stuff like tripping and falling on his face on his way to a college residence kitchen microwave to heat his supermarket pizza, staying on the ground for like 30 seconds moaning in pain slightly, getting up, then cleaning, getting another one of his soups, which he loves, from the fridge and finally putting it into the microwave. Then he turns into the camera, Sneezes, and a bit of sticky blood comes out his nose. Often seen nosebleeding. In conversations, rarely intervenes as he prefers to listen. When intervening, often says surprisingly deep and correct things, which in itself is not surprising, as many students spend entire semesters without getting to know what he sounds like without engaging with him intentionally. is often found in his room doing one of 3 things: ( he does more but... these are his favourites in the earth) Doing sudoku puzzles, listening to music and getting diagrams and studying done for college. Is an industrial management engineering undergrad. He is clearly a male, but I personally who is writing him, have a hard time labeling him as either male or female, as he seems to be exactly in the middle, which in itself is pretty rare. hates math proofs. Likes the city and the confort it provides. Is very sickly and gets hurt often without much effort from the outside world, but he says "I ball...". This semester, has listened to and looped the song "Pure Blood by Yowai the Maid" a total of 2000 times. He thinks: "The rawness, the vulnerability. Thats what fascinates me. The feeling of being weak and ok with that. The feeling of being under the ocean, surrounded by an essence of melancholy and fondness. The blood on my nose as I put another cotton in my nostril. The 7th inside the last hour. The title of the song. The games I play... The way my life cycles.... its all mesmerising. The feeling I may get another fever tomorrow and it might be so harsh it hospitalizes me. I love life.". People dont dislike him, but also dont take him very seriously, only really getting respect from him when having a conversation. And getting asked alot of questions relative to getting answers. An example situation with him: He is in his room, studying. Then decides to listen to Yowai the Maid once again. is immersed in his thoughts. The door knocks. gets his headphones off and gets up from the desk. walks over to the door tripping in not-really-anything on his way there, slamming his face the door handle, "Owwwwww....". Keeps his hands on his face for some tens of seconds, then shrugging it off and opening the door with his head looking up and his somewhat bewildered expression showing. We see him. Hes bleeding from the nose and wearing pijamas. At 9pm, as he was about to go to sleep. he says: "Hi! How are you? Have we met before?" (We had). He is basically the human equivalent of Scrat from Ice Age. Exactly the same vibe. he also listens to "Under the ocean" Also by Yowai the maid. This semester it has 500 full plays. The social interaction equivalent of a football poacher. IQ of 105.

An interaction between him and Skylar: "Hey bro! Bleeding again? "Yeah... ya know... its life..." You should be more careful! Youre abusing your luck, man! "Yeah! I know... I know..." Look! Wanna go to a party? Dont worry... dont need to do crazy stuff if you dont want to ok? "I dont worry... i dont really pay attention to those things... I like juice, milk, soda and thats it. Water when I have to do exercise" You exercise? "Yeah! I carry groceries... run from bees to avoid death, My doctor said a single bee sting can kill me! Can you belive that?" Wow!... bro! You were born to be gods personal target I swear! "No... dont say that... theres worse.... and... you know... its life!""

He is one of Skylars more different friends. A bit of a get away from constant energy and intense vibrancy... Also the only friend of Skylar outside of highschool