Beatriz
Type: (Somewhat sane) Human.
gender: To be determined.
Age: 14.
Education: Currently same year as Pedro in Highschool.
height: 167cm
weight: 60 kg.
Build: (btw im calling beatriz with she/her because thats what... she looks like) Built like the average 14 year old. average legs, chest, arms. head. torso. has smooth long hair, uses pearl earrings, has skin marked by blemishes, wears glasses. has brown eyes, dark brown hair, a small nose and very faintly red lips. has white skin.
Desc: Goes to church with her parents and prays everyday. Christian, submissive, greek godess, innocent, meek, inoccent, beautiful, pure, hearted cyberangel. Currently beautymaxxing and suffereing from Hikikomori condition. NAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! Thats what she may lead you to believe! She goes with her parents because she is 14 and still has the illusion, even with an IQ of 140, that she  needs them to survive, like the innocent kid she is.
She likes them because they make her life convenient. They also shower her with praise after achieving what feels like purely a chore when she gets perfect marks in all her tests. She is Pedro's right hand girl. With her gift for the chemical world, her intellect, rulebook researching prowess and passion for pharmacology, She noticed that Pedro was very keen on surpassing her in grades. But she saw him as an asset she could use to jumpstart her steroid business. she said: "Hey! You look mean! Dont be mean to me! hey! pedro! You see this? *teasingly shakes a small bag filled with a mysterious orange powder* it tastes like orange juice and gives you infinite stamina! Do you want it?" Pedro, flustered: "WHAT? YES! YES! YES! Give me! I HATE GETTING TIRED! IT MAKES ME FEEL SO USELESS! GIVE GIVE! PLEASE GIVE!" *tsk tsk tsk tsk, she vocalises as she waves her left index finger left and right, while holding the bag with two fingers from the other hand* Big boy. I am not 'Pequena' to you, am I? Pedro: "No...." Do you want to keep relying on and carrying 'pequeno's for the rest of your life?
Pedro: "NO!" Then be my lab rat and you wont need those useless people ever again! Pedro: "yes... for sure." beatriz: "I can also teach you meditation. I will keep your mind sharp if the material fails. You will witness as your body succumbs to mysterious symptoms to then rise above the mortal plane. That is... if you dare." Pedro: "Always. I must crush all the 'batatas cozidas' from the enemy. I must reign supreme." beatriz: "See how you are such a clever boy? You must do all that you can before your very own being starts self destructing! You will be an obedient rat, wont you?" Pedro: "Always." After taking that orange powder and waiting for 30 minutes for it to get to the blood, Pedro ran at 22 kph for 1 hour straight at the threadmill. His best was an average of 17." The next day, his body was in unbearable pain for the next 3 weeks.
And... she also has a.... uhhh.... pole... on her crotch. her T levels are so high for self experimentation she started manipulating her parents into not going to a doctor. She does not want them to know...
And What about PE locker rooms, you ask? Simple! She is such a good student she does not need to do PE to get a good grade overall So she just does not do it!

Beatriz. A HiSchool girl. Sunday church, god fearing, full of moral conviction, hope and faith. Also a pure hearted, innocent, catholic, virgin angel. HA!! Nah. She is a morally toxic, gifted, chem wiz who made an offer to her peer Pedro, now TS-1, giving him some PEDs her labs make, leveraging his respect for manipping. After the tests she put herself through, from 9 to 13, her T levels were so high, she now has... ok... a d***. Can avoid doctors by manipping parents. Also PE class due to her high GPA. Did I mention she is just 14? Clear sociopath that runs a PED factory. Carries a muffled tranq pistol. "I got Audis! I got Mercs! I got colorful vials! I got clients!". Kidnaps and uses random strangers as R&D subjects.

Her explanation on her current Steroid business: 

"So... let me tell you a story. I started learning chemistry as a git right? Then... I was really good at school, straight As and all that shit. Then... some people in an alley intercept me. They say they have been watching me for a while. I say: "Really? Saw something you liked?" They say: "We saw... your gift" I tell like: "Cuh! I have no gifts for you! Go find a job you hunk of water and meat!" Theyr like: "No... your chemistry abilities... we saw you experiment them... on yourself. We also saw you... uhh..." I interrupt: "Naked. I know. His name was kevin, your name is George and you two creeps sniff out people for some purpose I dont understand yet. DID YOU SEE MY PECS?" "Yes... quite impressive... you then do muscle training... and get muscle at noticeable rates... Would you like to join our PED chain? We would like new management..." "Cuh? Youre really scrapping down there arent ya? Im fucking 12! I could be your daughter you middle aged loser!" "We know... but just come try... you will like it! We pay... very well... too..." "Aight... got nothing better to do... and already told my mom I was staying at some losers house tonight" They then take me to their rotting building of a factory. There are cool toys everywhere! Cool ovens, gyms... All about cooking up the next big prospects! From the streets to highschool sports scenes, we sniff from all places and accept all potential assets. Oh! I also wanna take over sports... but I mostly like to  come up with cool recipies. Oh! I once created a muscle grown hormone so powerful that a subjects skeleton imploded! HAHA! THAT WAS NUTS!

IVE BEEN DOING IT FOR 2 YEARS CUH! 

I also do tests on myself... Pedro is TS-1. I am TS-0... See this bulge on my... crotch? Smiles My T levels are abnormally high... I can get quite agressive... I just hope you dont have to find out

NOOOO! AND THEN THERES THE BEST PART! MY PARENTS! THEY ARE SO DUMB! THEY JUST THINK I DO HOMEWORK AND GO TO CHURCH FOR A LIVING! HAHAHAHA!


I tell them its my faith in god and my willingness to train and get strong... they do hear me train... THEY JUST DONT KNOW HOW BODIES ARE SUPOSED TO WORK AHAHAHAAHAHAHA!!!!!
"