Caleb&Lelya

Caleb and leyla: 


Names Caleb.
Sometimes hates self.  Feels like a moth. A moth filled with dust and drops of blood from my friends, family and educators. Everyone tries so hard for him but he just cant be bothered, so he just vibes all day and plays/mod games. His life is a continuous blanket of vague, superficial chillness with outbursts of unbearable guilt. Its wrong. So wrong. I have to fight. And I have an ideal. But I dont feel like surviving is worth it... I may be delusional, but its what I see... The name Caleb pops in my head. Its from me. I try very hard and push myself to do anything and everything necessary. To do and to achieve. It does not matter how small, how big, how fun, how boring. Like a main character. I just do and They accompany my journey. I do things even if I do not understand the purpose, as the background, lingering hope in my soul drives me everyday just a bit further. I complain, about big and small, I am annoying, childish and throw fits. Yet, I wake up everyday full of energy. I am constantly making pranks and fooling around, yet worry about loved ones, friends and mentors very intensly, and dread ever letting them down. Every day ends with me feeling tired, yet fulfilled. When teased, which I am very often, I react strongly and retreat briefly. I tend to be hyperfixated on one specific goal at a time, then abandon it. I am very competitive. To the point my self worth is tested very vigorously. In the end, it all works for me, because I have friends, loved ones and mentors that, despite my difficult behaviour, always stay.

Her name is Leyla. Leyla spends her days watching movies and goofing around with friends in parties. She attends college. She gets good to mid graded and is a very pragmatic and intelligent person. She is friends with Caleb. Leyla enjoys videogames, that she plays with Caleb. Caleb, well, sucks at them. But  Leyla learns quickly and always somehow excells. Her playstyle, in life, sports, games, everything, is one of strategy, elusiveness, sprinkled with deceit and raw intellectual hunger. She has a twisted curiosity to her, that makes her dangerous. Her teachers are afraid of making it too easy for her, as her cynical demeanour demands so much respect. She likes omlets. She plays alot of HvH in Valve games, OSU!, Ranked chess and is a CS undergrad student. She enjoys drinking, joking about the tests she  and her friends undertook and how  "my friend is so damn dumb". She says making cheats undetectible by valve is comparable to ranking in chess up after a whole semester in college. She has an active love life, although she struggles with commitment. She isnt very playful. She is not evil either. She is also not a ninja, or a cynical doomer. She is... Leyla.

