Agro powers:

Agro powers are possessed often by individuals who, by coincidence, also show stubburn impulsiveness,  hyperfocal levels of motivation and anger. Lots of anger. People with agro powers may struggle with moderation in their work ethic and play/obligation modulation. Agro powers come from a rare mutation in the muscle fibers, which basically reduces the timescale of their growth, blood vessel capacity, bone density and... mental fortitude and competitiveness. This has nothing to to with Testosterone, so there can be very feminine looking boys with Agro powers, also women. The Agro varies, not in a linear evolution in power, but from person to person. Its way more lateral than deep. What agros can do is always a subset of: run faster, jump higher, react quicker and even be... way smarter due to more available thinking power due to way higher blood flux to the brain. they can also possess more accute subsets of their senses. The agro increases with their emotional levels and at the faintest sign of their activation, their eye irises go red and, at very extreme levels, veteran, overdoing it, fight or flight, etc. their eyes may grow a thin layer of skin, causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. in front of them, that may have to be surgically removed. causing them both disorientation and some acute pain. Their muscle and bone enhancements come from the cells generated by the mutation which generates their powers. These cells may cause their bursts of movement to be more or less explosive, like a power torque curve of a combustion engine, where rpm is their emotional tension levels. Or... just repressed tension levels. Autistic Agro people are a PAAAAAIIIIIN in the butt. Specially if their senses are also enhanced by it. Agros feel confortable at gyms, and will never really struggle with old age related physical symptoms. But they need to eat.. A. LOT! There are certain agros where, sprinting at their ludicrous speeds for the periods their insane bones and joins allow them to whitstand, lead them to consume entire meals in calories per effort. And when I say eat alot, Im saying... if youre Agro and not middle class... youre... most likely toast! Especially if you are really bursty. Bursty agros need more tension to exert power, but when they do, can cause immense impact. Then there are more balanced and smooth ones. The really explody ones may quickly get exausted if they are forced into their sweet spots in emotional tension. And... as they get older, because they eat alot, they may get fat. really fat. Also... heat equals power times voltage times resistence. As more blood flows to feed more organs and muscles, the heat increases lineraly. They are very hot people. Hot because their muscles are f*** huge, hot headed, hot because they are hot headed and hot literally to the touch. Also... their passive sweating makes them hopelessly always smelly... specially in teenage hood. they also urinate and defecate... alot. Sex drive is the same. Agros may be so bursty that a possible scenario they might encounter is:
"In a war torn country, a teenager Agro leaves home to buy bread. In the background, fallen posts, worn buildings, people peeking from their shelters as they observe this stubburn boy insisting on leaving their shelter because "I prefer to not die of hunger thanks. I want to feel alive, before I feel nothing.". They just had lunch. The military helps Agros in need with the help of Powerful nations who want to recruit agros, who often just tell them to f*** off. Anyway... it was a whole turkey with two plates of pasta, salad, lots and lots of water. 1 L of it!. The boy hears a bullet be fired in its direction. The heart rate and blood flow sky rocket, being faintly audible from up to 2 m away. they feel scared. so they stand in place shook. the bullet barely misses them so now, they are at their peak of tension. They sprint at school ticket zone speeds  back to their shelter, with their moms hugging them and scolding them with words for even being born... the boys body being too hot to the touch. 65 Celsius but rapidly declining. they... feel hungry again."Like... in this war scenario, families.... in a certain very hard to overlook angle, unfortunate to have Agro children, cannot let them die of hunger right as they are born right? So powerful nations look for them and pressure them into, manipping them through validation and financial compensation, enlisting for ANOTHER nation fighting THEIRS."

Caleb is an energetic, chaotic young boy acting 22 year old that hails from the center of a small village in the north of scotland. He grew within a family of farmers, so is passionate about nature. Is a natural competitor, fitting of his Scottish heritage. Has a heart of gold. and is easly teasable. Tends to overextend himself and to find unecessary accountability in many things that happen in his life. Is brash, tends to be "too much" for people around him and is often described as immature and childish for his age. Plays pranks on the people he likes with no provocation as that is how he shows affection. Has trust issues and tends to think people will abandon him at any moment. Is a pure straight edge. Is impulsive.

Name: Caleb
Type: (Very emotional) Agro.
Age: 20 (M)
Height: 170cm
weight: 60kg
Build: Caleb has grey hair, amber eyes.  his build is thin, yet not unusual for the age. has slightly round face and looks a tiny, weeny, bit rosed up even idle because of it too. Dresses casually and confortably. Has a determined and focused expression on face, seemingly present, seemingly in the moon. Sometimes wears football jerseys from the new team he is obcessed about, to celebrate his new found interest. He hails from Porto, Portugal and his favourite team, childhood team, is, of course, Porto. His middle aged parents only bought him one thing every birthday, because that was the only thing he asked: That years FC Porto jersey. He wears one in the weekend. 
Desc: Wishes Mourinho was his dad. The only subjects he enjoys at school are english and PE. Enjoys literature. enjoys sports and sports science. Porto, Porto, Porto... Porto this... Porto that... Enjoys sports, is very determined and has a very hyperfixated and explosive type of motivation. very short periods of intense output follow long and unwinded periods of isolation and reflection. As an Agro, he always gets perfect marks on PE drills. When someone told him: "All you do is sports. If you werent so strong, you would suck!" And he replied: "Hey! if you werent so smart, you would suck at math too, Ana Julia!". Comes across as sensitive, but always has a good reason to lash out. Although, can be bratty, infantile and irrational. Also, very excessively demanding. yet, cares alot about friends and family and wishes everyone would help him straighten up when needed, no matter how much he screamed and kicked and cried and beggd and prayed to differ. he has a very rational childhood friend named leyla. leyla is the ice for Calebs fire.
"The name Caleb pops in my head. Its from a boy. The boy tries very hard and pushes himself to do everything. Do and achieve. It does not matter how small, how big, how fun, how boring. Like a main character. He just does and I accompany his journey. He does things even if he does not understand their purpose, as the background, lingering hope in his soul drives him everyday just a bit further. He complains, about big and small, he is annoying, childish and throws fits. Yet, he wakes up everyday full of energy. He is constantly making pranks and fooling around, yet worries about loved ones, friends and mentors very intensly and dreads ever letting them down. He ends everyday feeling tired, yet fulfilled. When teased, which he is very often, reacts strongly and retreats briefly. He tends to be hyperfixated on one specific goal at a time, then abandons it. He is very competitive. To the point his self worth suffers immensly. In the end, it all works for him, because He has friends, loved ones and mentors that, despite his difficult behaviour, always stay." "I am caleb. I know... I am the trouble maker. The headbutts into walls idiot of class. The poetry emo sporty weirdo from next door. The hopeless romantic with a friend who bashes me for fun. With teachers who wish I did not exist every morning they wake up. With people who judge me, belittle me, scorn me, exclude me. I am surrouded by adversity, by walls, by unreachable potential. But adversity is life. And my life is full of adversity. My life is very full of itself. Like me. I rock. I am the flashy red eyed bullet from Porto. Mourinhos never to be prospect. As I dance and dance on top of my bicycle waving to the audience on my way to the top of the summit, their hands on my neck, the strain on my muscles, the eyes on the top. I dance and weave, relentlessly, showing off flair and color. Smirking at every hairpin, at every mild bump in the road, making my spine hurt every time. But leyla has my back. My parents who bought me those stupid jerseys have my back. I made ammends with some middleschool bullies and we are now friends, life keeps going so I follow. I am caleb. The bratty, red Dynamo"

he had an interaction with Ester and his childhood friend Leyla. Caleb and Leyla were in highschool. Leyla is sitting under a tree, playing PUBG on her phone. Caleb is riding his mountain bike, trying to perform a jump that any other sane being would think is physically impossible: But the ramps are so deliciously angled... *They are 10 m away and Caleb has virtually no run way. The chain came off half of the times*. The air is fresh. They are in a forest with tall thin trees, dry soil surface. a 'bosque'. some squirrels pass by and Leyla, although caring for Caleb, reeealllly despises insects. So she keeps groaning every other moment. 
Leyla: "bro that jump is not happening *slaps neck* *stupid idiot mosquito...*"
*Caleb, visibly angry, already past his exausted point, with steaming red skin. All clothes are off because he undressed impulsively to "do it for real this time" (Says it every time he fails) and because his body heat melded all his socks and shoes. (they brought spares).
Caleb prepares once again. There are very visible blood vessels on his temple, forehead and cheeks. His eyes are deep, bright red.*
Caleb: "Im gonna do it! I will I will! I will!" *caleb mashes his pedals, with no smooth rythm whatsoever, still reaching 50 kph, the bycycles top gear top speed, failing the jump once again*.
Ester passes by, on a walk outside the camp she lives in with her boyfriend Skylar, Kade, Fox, Davids friend, David. Also, Che. Oh! and Esters best friend Filipa. Ester, being analytical and somehow impacient with incompetence, notices how the boy keeps constantly maxing out his bycicle and still failing the jump. Ester casually approaches Leyla and Caleb and tells caleb:
Ester: "bro! Are you good at physics"
Caleb: "What? Why would I care right now? IM ALMOST THERE!"
*Ester looks at Leyla sitting on the tree and... seemingly feels that her vibe is similar to hers.*
Ester: "hey sis! You see this kid? is he your friend? you know him?"
 Leyla: "Yep we are friends alright... I am Leyla and that bone head over there is Caleb."
Ester: "Have you told him he will never ever achieve what he is trying to do?"
Leyla: "I tried. But hes locked in. hes not gonna stop until hes collapsing at the seams from exaustion, love..."
Ester: "Do you think if he does it hes gonna stop?"
Leyla: "But hes not gonna do it so it does not matter...
Ester: "What if he does though?"
Leyla: "I dont care... because he wont! Hes a bone headed brat who thinks can challenge physics. Im waiting until biology does its job on him..."
Ester: "Hey... caleb guy!"
Caleb: *Mid air* "hello! AHHHH!" *crashes* *gets up.* *Rolls bycicle to starting spot* "GRRR!!!!!!"
Ester: "Caleb. what is happening?"
Caleb: *Surprised* "So are you not just gonna call me a stupid idiot like my so called friend over there playing dumb games on her stupid idiot rich girl iPhone?"
Ester: "Thats not how you talk to people. Also, dude. That s*** your trying to pull off is not gonna happen unless god remakes the world differently. Sorry..."
Caleb: "Shut up! I dont care about stupid numbers"
Leyla: "Oh! And he keeps blabbering about some Pedro guy who harassed him in a race. he wants to "Defeat him"" *says last thing sarcastically waving both hands in the air*
Caleb: "Yes! And I will! Im gonna become better than him!"
Ester: "Dont you at least want a bycicle with a larger gear? And btw... do you know how fast you need to go to make that jump?"
Caleb: "VERY FAST!"
Ester: "But how fast?"
Caleb: "NO IDEA!"
Ester: "128 kph. Your bycicle tops out at 50."
Caleb: *...*
Ester: "yep...."
Caleb: *GGGRRRR!!!!!* "IM WASTING MY TIME! IM WASTING IT!!! PEDRO WILL... PEDRO WILL BE RIGHT! HE CANNOT BE RIGHT! HE CANT! HE IS NOT! HES WRONG! I HATE HIM! HE MUST LOSE! I WONT LOSE! I WONT!" *gets on his knees and starts crying and slamming his fists on the forest soil, creating some small sparks*
Ester: "Hey calm down! HEY! I SAID SIT DOWN! CALM DOWN!"
Caleb: "....fine...What is it?"
Ester: "Look... Pedro is not what he seems. hes not playing... fair."
Caleb: "What do you mean? he beat me fair and square! I was not fast enough and he just flew past me with his huge bycicle and huge legs! He defeated me! So Now I-"
Ester: "Bro is on drugs, Caleb!"
Caleb: "Wha-?"
Ester: "yes. Pedro is on drugs. Hes juiced up. Enhanced. Cheating."
Caleb: "How come? How do you know that?"
Ester: "me and a couple people are tracking them down. he has a 14 year old friend named beatriz. The girl is a ruthless super genius who is also a chemistry and anatomic biology genius. She plays with all kinds of PEDs and tests them on test subjects she "Recruits" (keeps contained) In a worn down factory building 20 km from here, on Pedro, who she calls Test subject 1 (T1) and over 600 others. Also... herself. Bitch has no screws. Shes dangerous, cunning and efficient. You cannot. Win. Alone. Caleb. Join me."
Leyla: "He has college after summer! And we dont care!"
Ester: "im not forcing. Caleb what do you wan-"
Caleb: "IM IN!"