David
Type: Human.
Age: 18 (M)
Height: 165cm
Weight: 60kg
Built like a very athletic high school kid. Currently, has visble abs, lanky arms, and really strong back and neck muscles.
Desc: Trains like a Mechanic. "Do I need big arms? Lets grow them. Do I need to work more on my left because currently I look like the fucking charger zombie from left4dead? I want to go for a  cycling race. Lets allocate more for cardio. My opponents... I cant stop my opponents tackles in rugby. Lets do some carries and situps for this week. My legs need to rest. I need to work on my techical prowess. Tactics dont do themselves." This was before falling asleep, last night. He is pragmatic to a fault. Even though he is attractive. The girls find him obcessed and weird. He often feels lonely, although without any of the usual regrets or resentment, as he does not see the need for unecessary style or softness. He got forced into therapy because his parents are afraid of how mutch he pushes himself. Tell him to "learn how to have fun, please my son! We are worried! Its okay to rest!". They fear he is taking everything too seriously and might collapse eventually. He tells them "I know. But I rest in the shower, during meals, during sleep, when cleaning my room... whenelse can I rest?" They see him come home everyday devastated at his devastated state for not being able to do X, Y or Z yet. His coaches tell him "Im afraid to play him! And also pity him! He does not banter with anyone! And is perfectly integrated! He just does not care! He allways looks desperate for something and completly exausted and... somehow... allways has something left in the tank! He never gets frustrated at anyone! Only himself! If only our social relationship allowed me, as a coach of a highly competitive team, to praise him... unjustifiably..." He tells them : "I thrive of despair. I dont know who I am. Neither do I care. I face the biggest challenge I can, with the expectation of being completly humiliated, Destroyed, overwhelmed. I then rebuild myself. I get shattered into dust, only to coalesce, made a new man. I do this, until I solve the current puzzle. After that... who cares. I also dont really smile. I never feel like it. I also dont know how to really relate to any of them. I dont understand them. Who are they? Why do they pity me so hard? Improve, adapt, overcome, right? What am I doing wrong?" Showing off bores me. I dont work on reputations. I work on raw ability. I compete. I dont ponder or revolt. I just adapt. I study... enough. I eat precisely what I need. And indulge in my darkest wishes when no one is around too. I am just someone normal, after all."


Pedro: "Hello! I am pedro. I live in a shed in the rural Portuguese Interior. I am sports, strength and wit. This is Beatriz."
Beatriz: "hello! *strokes hair* I am a girl that does her homework, is intelligent (more than other people) and My parents are happy because I am good and pure and I am a sister of jesus! *Her stare goes cold and apathic* Ok?"
Pedro: "I enjoy crushing People,  specially 'Pequenos'.in many ways, including studying."
Beatriz: "My iq is 160 and his is 140! Its enough.."

Pedro: "Hello! I am pedro. I live in a shed in the rural Portuguese Interior. I am sports, strength and wit. This is Beatriz."
Beatriz: "hello! *strokes hair* I am a girl that does her homework, is intelligent (more than other people) and My parents are happy because I am good and pure and I am a sister of jesus! *Her stare goes cold and apathic* Ok?"
Pedro: "As long as I get to crush 'pequenos' like David I dont care."
Beatriz: "My iq is 160 and his is 140! Its not much... but enough.."