Deolinda
Type: Human.
Age: 70 years (F)
Height: 200cm
Weight: 80kg
Built like a goth, female slenderman.
Desc: Ester's sociopathic psychiatrist. Deolinda is rational. Very rational. Has an IQ of 230. Ok, this is supposed to be more of a personality thing, but just look at one of the fits she usually takes to sessions: hair dyed black with some grey parts left off, gold necklace with a diamond, rolex watch, black blouse with a dress, this dress is also black and the skirt reaches the ankles. she wears the kind of high heels you almost need like a week of practice to get user to, that are also black, net leggins, long sleeves, all of this making her lanky body look even lankier, big ring shaped earrings made of silver, a smaller pair of earrings with rubies and gold base, she gets her hair done by an expensive hair dresser every day, 70€ lip gloss, a gold plated, black belt. All of this while having black eyes, long, smooth hair, a serious expression on her face, a rough voice... Im sorry if I sound judgemental but this just does not sound like a therapist at all... and she is even more unconventional when it comes to her sessions. The first thing she asks the patients she works with is: "what do you want? what did you come here for?" She then has a rule: one for when the patient takes five or less seconds to come up with a response, one for 6 one for 7 and one for more. If its less than five seconds, she takes a breather and thinks: "ahhhh.... this is a low empathy one. nice."  She then makes a plan with the patient for goals they want to achieve. (all this assuming that  a straightforward, detached and engineering-like approach to self care will yield the most results) for the next two, she thinks : "Oi, mid table, mid table... gonna be a pain in the ass... but if I succeed, it will feel better". She then has a conversation to try and figure out how their empathy works, by letting them talk about their lives and trying to validate them by trial and error. She is able to figure it out quickly now due to experience. She then makes the plan with them. For the rest, she simply redirects them. Lived with no consciousness for her entire life, dedicated only to becoming rich. She then was almost choked to death by one of her partners (victims) while asleep and went into a coma for two years ( 56 to 58 years of age) She woke up with a weird personality. She did not even like jewelry until now. And decided (maybe from the bridge that her unconscious built for her, making her mind aware of the clinial emvironment she was surrounded by) she wanted to make people thrive. But never saw it in the pure, altruistic way. She viewed it in the "Look dumbasses! This is how you make someone thrive! Idiots..." And she was good at it. Even for some really rational folks... " She thinks and demands soo fast... but it always feels just within reach. She pushes you... like a drill seargent. It was magical. And also a nightmare. The expectation and skyrocketing rates at which I wanted to evolve... and the expectation... and was not even from her... it was from me" She also currently drives a Peugeot 106. 