name: Erica
Type: Agro
Height: 178cm
Weight: 65kg
Age: 24 (F)
Build: Erica is very hot (allegedly). She has somewhat rosy skin on her cheeks, green eyes with dark under them and big eyelashes. Red, long and smooth hair, freckles. She has one chipped incisive tooth.
She has sizeable breats, and an attractive but normal looking body. She is very, very flexible and agile, being able to jump insane heights when her
"WOW! levels" are high (this is what she calls her agro powers are fueled by external validation, appreciation and even worshipping). her brain produces way more dopamine per stimulation when her attention grabbing levels are maximum. Also gets faster reflexes, thinking and gets more agressive. When apreciated, her thinking gets slower, her movements drowsier, her reflexes slower. But her thinking gets clearer, less precipitated, more reflective and her tactical prowess rises sharply. Like Reika, her attention seeking levels have 5, though unnamed, gears.
She is very kinectically aware and was caught dodging paintball projectiles when hanging out with her friends.
She wields 2 M9 tranquilizer pistols from Metal Gear Solid given to her by Beatriz, and a beautyfull, personally designed, huge 20cm long 'Navalha' with very elaborate engravings. She enjoys keeping it squeaky clean. She is a Merc for Beatriz. "As long as I feel happy boss. As long as I feel happy...". She can jump up to twice her body height and run at up to
40 kmh with minimal fitness conditioning (At 24 years old). Gets in trouble with the police. She wears, clothing, often very revealing, how revealing? Depends on the audience she is being shown to basically,
where the function is linearly increasing with the audience. (Because I am an artist and dont like NSFW nagging).
Desc: This sweet princess is Erica. She hails from Cascais, Portugal, is 24 years old (turning 25 years old this summer. She claims it should be a world wide holiday.).
She claims school should be "More... affectionate" and that she should be the only teacher allowed to give classes anywhere.
At 15, tried to rob a police car in order to "Take her... "Sistas" out for a spin". She got caught, but then she forced her hands out of the cuffs, breaking her thumbs, looked at the officer with fruit fly eyes, smiled with mouth only, turned around and walked off laughing.
She enjoys art, math and fashion. She is very, very good at math and very surprisingly tactically intelligent. And its not like she is an underdog who you think is actually on par with most people,
Her BEST specialized IQ score is on tactical intelligence, where Erica is actually on the 1st percentile, she is 7th percentile on interpersonal intelligence and... 98th percentile on intrapersonal intelligence.
The ONLY subjects she was good at... was actually just PE because she hates arithmetic and she never got past highschool. (She quit before the final exams). As soon as she finally understands something, her problem solving abilities are unmatched.  It took her 2 months of intense effort to understand graph theory, but then plowed through all the proofs they threw at her.
She despises nature and was caught setting fires in Portugal, California and Australia. She was a worldly famous and even most wanted mercenary arsonist for
corrupt industrial wood suppliers by the age of 18. She was left for dead as a baby on the side of an empty road at a low social status city region. Grew up extremely malnourished, but once she began tapping into her very accute and sharp intuition,
Erica just keept holding on. "Survive. Survive. Survive. Everyone else is useless. Survive. Survive...". 
She does not remember a single thing about her parents. So god knows who they are. "I was produced. thats it.". Criminals who attempted to keep her could not handle her difficult behaviour, so she could not receive much sustainable affection during childhood. She  got all her validation from doing
'special requests' for the gangs she stumbled upon. She managed to outrun a scooter through tight alleyways at 16. She was diagnosed with Extreme NPD and Hystrionic Personality Disorder at the age of 10.  
She wishes that emotions could be handheld and injected. On a really bad day, when a corrupt wood suppliers could no longer rely on her, she was spotted in the side of a restaurant, near the first hiding spot she ever found, crying, by Beatriz, who took her under her wing.
Currently, Erica enjoys seducing "Assets" to bring to Beatriz's factory outpost buildings.
She enjoys and absolutely f***ing rocks at painting.

Erica. 24 (F). 170cm. 62kg. Thin body. freckles. Long red hair. Validation fueled speed, power, agility and murderous lust. Apreciation fueled tactical depth. Existential musing. Left4dead at 0 years old. raised doing errands for criminals. bribed teachers, tried to steal cop cars. most wanted arsonist. yandere. Wields engraved knife and dual tranq pistols. Abuse survivor. Enjoys "praising and seducing cute targets". Can run at school ticket mph. Tactical prowess matches chess GMs very often. Once barely dodged a point blank shot, that chipped a rib. 'My soul, a plant to be watered. The streets, places I resigned myself to live in. Home. An elusive and distant fantasy. I like pink, guts and sex. A hug would be nice...'

"Its in my blood bitch! I raised in a fucking gutter in Cascais portugal! I can fucking take you there!"


*author notes*

Erica is basically a R rated seryou ubiquitous from akame ga kill

Her song is "lying from you" from Linkin Park.