Ester

Type: Psychic

Age: 19 years (F)

Weight: 32 kg

Height: 145 cm

Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything. Red Hair, amber eyes, An expression on her face that is both cynical and 'done with life', but also hopeful

Desc: Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. Likes to come outside just to judge people.
She currently claims to, allegedly, have, before, prefered to "be a sneaky stupid rat with no guts or soul who manipulates people" and that people who do that make her cringe and now she prefers to "Adult and put cringy manipulative people in their place for not adulting like normal, real, people" (its her mask).
She has one melee weapon she likes to carry around: A trusty frying pan. She got the pan from her sociopathic psychiatrist (also on a similar redemption path) Deolinda, who told her: "Look, sweetie: if there is any time you simply cannot help but be violent, instead of blasting them into oblivion use this. I made it for you. Ive been learning engraving in my free time. its a frying pan. Its old. My grandma gave it to me when I was 24. It is rusty, dusty and grimey, but you can clean it with your chemical knowledge if you want to. Anyway... if you genuenly feel like any enemies or even... any friends are being "too cringe" or are in urgent need of "Adulting", you can use it. It has "Adulting Pan" engraved into the handle... so that you really feel the responsibility coarse through your bones as you smack them across the back of the head. Take it.". Ester chose to clean it because "hey! free frying pan", but kept the engraving obviosuly.
When faced in urgent altercations, conflicts or in self defense, she uses it as a first blood /strike kind of weapon, or as an unexpected wild card, because it gets deformed, from the extensive use it has, as it is constantly getting deformed and battered into shape by someone who is physically stronger than her after the slam. In casual banter, she also pulls it out to put cringy, annoying or stupid people in their place, wrecking havoc upon "spineless people" who "get on her nerves".


Ester is a 19 year old female. Her small body looks somewhat thin and a bit frail. Has dark circles under eyes.
Her somewhat sizeable eyes are green. Her hair is curly and red, with some blonde strands. Wears large, thin ring shaped earrings. Has a face that by default tells the world: "Go away.... eyesores...". Wears big, wool, winter sweaters. So young... so tragically young...



Ester|21F|32kg|1.5m|Diagnosed w/ NPD & AS-PD @ 5y. Long red hair. Amber eyes. Frail, tiny body due 2 a lyftime using Ultra calory-greedy psych powers, mostly 2 wreck & ctrl in brutal, cruel, ways. But @ 17, 2 peers jumped her, causing long term, erratic identity shifts, "fixing" her empathy, spawning crippling morbid guilt, & brain dmg dat rekt her ego. Distant, voidy, tepid look. In2 bashing "cringe manipprs" w/ "Adulting Pan (TM)". Powers allow: to manip fluids & human hormonz, wryt & read verbal memoriz & thoughts, liquify brains & make mighty air spears, blasts, etc Survivor trickster. Sly cheater. 167IQ. Shelly. "Sorta in2" hugs. C.S. UG @ NOVA FCT, PT. Works out 2 bulk up. Unable 2. Insecure w/ body (piano ribs).


32kg|1.5m|NPD|Sociopathy|Long red hair|Amber eyes|Frail&Tiny body due 2 very draining psych powers|Insecure @ it (ribs)|At 17, 2 peers jumped her, causing long term, erratic identity shifts; "fixing" her empathy, sprouting suicidal guilt.... brain dmg rekt her ego|Distant, voidy, tepid look|In2 bash'n "cringe manipprs" w/ "Adulting Pan". Able 2 manip fluids & human hormonz, mess w/ the verbal mind, meld brains, make various comp. air attacks|167IQ|Mega Shelly|Sorta in2 hugs|Wants 2 bulk up|Cant.


*Moment of Ester*

*In the middle of a 2 person convo where Ester just mentioned she goes to the gym often*

Person: Really? It does not look like it... If I saw you and spoke to you for a few seconds I would have gotten the impression you dont really care about sports... or that you play chess and like to just pull strings around... Youre not even that fa-

Ester: Be quiet. Be quiet, ok? *sigh...* want me to show you something? Touch my arm. Come on. No strings attached... Im not gonna hurt you ok? *speaks in a calm, eeriely soothing voice... I swear she could not look more suspiscious than this*

Person: *nervous* Oh....ok then... *starts touching Esters pettite arm. Its... hard like nails* wow... what is this?

Ester: *Holding back a primal scream... speaking in a tepid, soothing tone with an empty expression* See? I do go. I do have muscle... wanna know more? They havent grown in a whole year... and ive been brainstorming, researching and taking advice on how to get bigger since I started. Then... I decided to ask my nutricionist: "What is happening? Why am I not growing anymore?"
They replied: "Honestly... I am just as surprised as you are... we have no idea..."
I said: "Nutricionist? What if I took....steroids? like....tons of them? *suddently screams* TO MAKE MY DEMONS GO AWAY! *returns to previous tone* what about that?"

They said: "I personally would not,Ms Ester. Id also be thankful. Your skeleton is very frail *Ester represses an offended grunt* and... if your muscles grow any bigger, they could... snap every bone in your body. *Ester... goes pale...*"

Ester: And thats basically it, Tomoko... *Sits on the ground... rather abruptly... with a sigh... starts looking down, clenching fists... shaking with anger... yet maintains composure otherwise* M- My m- muscles... d- dont grow... other wise I can die... I can die tomoko... and there is no d- drug... that can s- save me...


*author notes*

Ester is basically R-rated Taiga Aisaka from the Toradora anime show

Both are smol... but... whereas Taiga has 'smol boobies', Ester has 'xylophone ribs'

Also... recently... shes been having occasionall episodes of HEAVY porn usage