Filipa

Type: Psychic

Age: 21 years (F)

Height: 174cm

Weight: 80kg

Built a bit like a Mewtwo.(She asked us to put that here). She has jade, retinaless eyes, smooth, black hair, her face is somewhat chubby. Her body is composed of a somewhat strong core, relatively muscular and sturdy legs, and somewhat built back muscles. The rest is average. She wears no jewelry or accessories and when not doing sports, she wears a hoodie and cargo pants everywhere she goes. She is devotedly straight edge. She has 3 favourite cuddle touch spots (I wanna say kinks but....): Her left ear, her abdomen and her left pinky toe.

Desc: Excentric and energy pumped, very binary when it comes to picking between hedonism and being responsible. Has a life peppered with incredibly coherent and smart moments (when 'feeling like it') mixed with some one brain cell moments as well. Wants to be a mother and is plotting for that goal every day. Filipa is the average height for her age. She has really strong legs due to her hyperfixation on working them out. She trains her core a lot because she wants to protect her future baby. She has several obsessions: Programming, Physics, Football, and moving really fast and for very long. People who spot Filipa look at her like: 'Damn... can't just stay still for like... 2 seconds?!' She is not just resilient or gritty: she is rubber-like. Mentally, way more mature than common sense may lead us to believe. Carries herself like a child on her third life. Has autism, is clumsy and impulsive. Most of the time, she looks like a goofy young woman who is completely unaware during formal settings. Trips all over the place. Easily teased. Easily stressed. Low defense, but very blunt. Gets annoyed at 'casuals' who don't fully understand the complete nuances or know all the details of her incredibly niche and specific interest pool and internal worlds. Unintentionally insensitive. Low self-awareness. Creative. Loud. Playful. Non-conforming. Easily mistaken as naive. Has psychic powers. Can't control them very well. Used to be good but then got rusty. Flashy in terms of demeanor, personality, tastes, word choices, and hobbies. Dismissive of her own appearance. Wastes potential there. Has blue eyes, black chest-level hair, surprisingly, no dark under eyes, due to unexpectedly healthy sleeping habits for a , restless, programming junkie, autistic girl with severe ADD. Comes off as irrational. Listens to sewerslvt. Enjoys challenges. Independent, inflexible thinker. Straightforward. Bisexual. Had a crush on everyone in class for almost all of middle school. Unreasonably resents her rigid, although caring parents. 'I'm right until I feel like admitting otherwise. I just "conform" when I feel like being left alone.' Has enough kindness to spare for everyone, all the time, for this life, the three previous ones and following, deep inside her heart. Sometimes genuenly thinks she is the "QUEEN OF THE PLANET OF THE EARTH!!!!!!!!!" with no sarcasm intended whatsoever. Very observant. A childhood full of teasing and perceived denial of individuality, but every day woke up thinking: 'Let's do this.' Tsundere side character turned protagonist.
She is into a weird relationship dynamic she claims to have invented called: "GoingBlow4Blow": (all of this playfully) basically... you try to find weaknesses in eachother and compete against them and, if the other goes down or is vulnerable, you get em up, dust em off, ask em : "you good to continue?" and resume if yes (or tease them... it depends), as she calls it "Throwing hands" again. And vice versa. Because of her taste and biases, assumes the person can "Take her on". The objective is to keep the game going for as long as possible. Anyone can surrender at any time. The one who surrenders has to obey the other and if there is no org**** yet, from this point on, its basically about making it happen as quick as possible.
"Either they win or I win. Makes no difference. If I am getting squished, punched, and squishing and punching and digging my teeth and getting bitten, wether by life or someone else... omg I always lose my MIND! That is my kink. That is my life. That is my vision. That is my ultimate goal". Resorting to her psychic powers is, for her, always an afterthought. if the partner cannot compete, she will default to being a switch.
And my god its like this tough cookie cannot physically stay still! she is also planning to music. She plans on creating samba mixed with post metal rock using software she will buy with job money and a guitar she will learn how to play! Like.... lighthearted, summer ass, contemplative cafe ass that then switches to metal, punk rock anger.

Persona
Name: Filipa. 21 (F), 175cm, 80kg. Built ultra strong, big legs to 'carry a family' and builds core and back to not hold back legs. Enjoys enduro sports, physics, tomfoolery... s**...c**. her software is her 'spawn'. conscious, stubburn, yet kind, psychic with little control over her powers. Makes music mixing soft lounge beach tunes and raw, deep heavy metal riffs. Wears hoodies and cargo pants at summer. Likes being  the mother. Has Autism, ADD, is Bi. Tsundere & blunt yet supportive. Easly drops grudges. Yet her reactions to a 'no' are total cinema. Teasable brat that teases back. Easily frustrated. Commits at college. 'Gender? No. just freak'. Jade pupiless eyes, silky black hair. Clumsy social klutz. Rather Tidy.

(Deep) Quotes: 

"Practice, is always what life is about. every little thing, every movement, every methodical musing and thought. Every dance and every fornication act. It all revolves around skill, talent... and practice. Embrace practice like it is life, not like it is detrimental to it. Embrace practice like what gives you joy, not like what robs you of it. Embrace practice. become one with your own will to improve, not using it. become sensitive to ways to enrich your own being... by practicing. By absorbing the experiences, the touches, your senses. By threading atop the pebbles of the scorching summer hot tarmac road, in the rural portuguese village. Atop the guard rails in this local road you walk on full of cyclists, and downhill skaters. All practicing, all enjoying. All the philosophers, all the poets, all the vibers. All the different people that make up the mesh... of existence. As god did not make the universe and then us, it was the other way around. We are the universe."

"We are on a walk, there is a beam in the sky, no one knows where it hides, its bright like a ball of light, its the castle in the sky. Why not live on it, as long as it does not crumble? Why not be delusional about yourself? Why not be grandiose? When everything in life seems so meaningless?"

"Wanna go? Forget about Beatriz's killers and stuff... who cares... life itself is so ethereal anyway..."

"My life is warm, tap water from a mildly warm, cloudy, dusty air filled afternoon in the second week into summer break. Filled with grime, dust, bacterias, old syrynges, medications and my whole self spread real thin. Its pasty, dusty, mushy, moshy, messy, and mashed with all kinds of disgusting nightmare creatures on it. You, me, my brother and even famous CEOs. A tapestry of existence, decay and staleness. Of futility and and speckled with faint moments of euphoria and even genuine hope... that never last."