Name: fox
type: (talking wise) desert fox.
age: 10
height (length): 37cm + 24cm (tail)
weight: 1kg
build: its... a fennec fox. 4 legged, light brown fur, canine related, long ears, long snouts, very, very, very acidic and smelly urine, likes summer, eats insects, rats, and sometimes fruits. Likes to jump around and is active. And this fox must be the default character of foxes because I just took the dimensions of wikipedia and did an average with them.
Desc: this fox met David in a weekend during one of the boy's training sessions. David was laying exausted on a break from his training, sitting on a sidewalk in a sunny, summer break day close to his highschool, which was closed. David was so strained he could not even speak and when the fox approached him David initially swatted it away to resume training. When the fox insited, David relunctantly gave his attention to it, barely caring about the fact he was speaking to an actual fox. As David is vulnerable and focuses excessively on his motivations and aspirations, David caved in  to the fox's openness and basically told it all that he was feeling. Fox became fascinated and decided internally to follow the kid to give him guidance. David then resumed his training. Now driven by the presence of a new shoulder  to cry on and new accountability partner besides his coach, he did the same cycling road course he usually trains on, exausted AND in record  time. He collapsed on the floor almost fainting afterwards. Then, they went to a health center and David told fox about Pedro, his eternal rival, with which he has actual nightmares about. 'Pequeno... Pequeno.... Pequeno.... plays in his head over and over again every night.'. Fox then figured out through its extensive networking of people who it keeps tabs with that Beatriz and Pedro are bending the rules to their wills. Fox then started helping David. Recruiting people and organizing all kinds of plans and dispensing advice. The people included a priest spy who managed to spot a potential playmaker for the group, as Ester, their only playmaker at the time until they found Leyla, was burned out out of her mind, Skylar, a dear friend of David and a refreshing and stabilizing backbone of the group, Kade and Filipa, a 29 year old man who likes fighting villains (narcs, socios, psychos, etc.) and survived a knife encounter with a psychopath he pissed off a day after he had an insult match with her. The psycho is still on the loose and her whereabouts are unknown. She is a famous criminal... "The white grim reaper" and she has superhuman physique, only feels desire and excitement, has fruit fly eyes, does not care. period and really gets off seeing herself and others covered in the healthy red liquid. kade... survived. And with a very intimate encounter with Filipa and Ester, both developed "Dark mode", a libido driven, trigger word activated state of mind of heightened agressiveness, actual physical prowess and focus, that can be, if controlled and masterd by the user, at least able to turn it on and off, combined with certain visual cues and words to bait them to achieve incredible things (Kade can double his punch strength and Filipa managed to reach 105 kph on a modified pinarello dogma bycicle in a flat highway at 30 kph head wind. She broke some records to say the least). Fox dispenses advice, soothes the group, burdens all the trauma of the organisation and puts its needs above all of its own. Hates confrontations. Is surprisingly flexible, and manages to not make too many wild guesses. Very insight oriented cognition. Its fox demeanour comes off as very spacey and relaxed. Does not make many jokes, yet is pleasent to have a conversation with. Enjoys mystery movies with David. Lives with the rest of the group in a temperate 'bosque' forest in the middle of Leiria, Portugal, with tall thin trees, dry soil surface, a healthy ammount of raining and very fresh air in the summer. Lots of bugs. And more concretly in a campside house owned by Skylar that features a shed, lots of bedrooms that are built everytime a new member joins and with a garage with lots of bycycles and equipment. Leyla provides the money, Ester the foresight, Filipa, Caleb, Skylar and David the athletic power and Kade the dangerous missions.