name: Gonzo.
Age: 25 (M)
Type: (Very humility obcessed) Human.
Weight: 100kg
height: 178cm.
Desc: Gonzo is fat. There. I said it. Anyways... he is out of shape. Does not mind it. Bro does not give one. Bro gets called fat in banter and then banters back! he has green eyes, small nose, a double chin, currently a bit of neck beard (He has a sunburn in there and after shave makes it burn). He likes to wear Fedoras. Always has a nonchalant, relaxed attitude towards life, that reflects in his calm, and resolute, that has a 'resting panting' configuration. His voice is surprisingly thin and wheezy. Nothing really tragic about his health issues, that he openly addresses, just way too grateful for the food he was supplied with by his grandparents who raised him, while having an unnaturally slow metabolism. has some trouble with mobility. *Wait for pappy Gonzo to catch his breath! Getting old over here! HAHA! *pant... pant...**. Wears simple loose jackets, heavy metal T shirts underneath and large shorts. His look is a default of understanding, no-nonsense, and tepid.
Desc: This man is a heart with a body inside. He was Maria's first boyfriend, until he decided Maria may have needed serious psychiatric help, as he felt powerless to help her through all her self imposed guilt and unfair remorse. He enjoys indulging in acts of modesty: Correcting the teacher while seeing points in his view, discussing with teacher during breaks, about 'life and stuff'... corrects classmates in class. 'Look. The trick to do proofs is to not think about the problem. First think of the solution.' 'Look! This variable is not important. Focus on that one first. Youll scramble over yourself' Teachers have to warn him because he innadvertedly speaks too loudly. 'Your voice is like an old grumbling v8, Gonzo... people over here can hear you, you know?' currently in a CS masters. Average college student. He enjoys pizza, potato salad. (Even Maria, when looking at him eating it, delighted, said: "Ew..." *Authors note: Who even likes that stuff anyway? its like bitter and overall worse 'jardineira'...*). he had a normal childhood. Played sports, got called fat, called names back. He hated biology related stuff, as he could not understand natural processes very well, as he was always more in tune with more mechanical and deterministic phenomena. Has an endomorph build, having no effort in building up muscle. Top scored in the yearly weighted throw tournament during all of middle school. His grandmother calls him a 'calm, but shy boy who tends to give more than he can afford himself. He works hard, yet enjoys family time, non-internet videogames and journaling. He is a true solitary explorer. I try to not nag him too much... But someone has to nag him to take a lap around the block every once in a while... he does it begrugingly, but always commits after a bit of insistence.'. He is UNREAL at american pool. Almost a national champion during his highschool years. But then gave it up to pursue college. His biggest weakness in pool always was: "Too much cue power.". When opening, The end state of the table was always virtually random. But could also be really precise, which is strange. And in spite of his clear lack of sheer athleticism, through sheer composure, resilience and his belief that the grass is always greener somewhere far away, but reachable, got awarded the title of "Fastest young player in the tournament" Several times, though as he says: "This crap is scary! one mistake and its bye-bye! see you next year chap!". Many times by up to 1.5 seconds in overall tournament average shot time compared to the runner up for that award. has impatience for people who 'brag about easy victories'. very stubburn when charged with a task. "Hey. this is my task. I do it my way. And you do yours... your way ok? Dont meddle with Gonzo business unless you are Gonzo. Understand?". He likes to goof around and his best jokes are the ones where he simply points out the obvious with uncanny comedic timing. Is very disorganized and messy. Makes his bed only when people visit.
'Maria? Baby girl! What are you doing talking to yourself like this? Awwww that makes me sad, Girl! You carry your family, your friends and good ol heavy boy Gonzo on your back... and you decide you NEED humbling? Pffeeh....'
Gonzo has the vibe of the serious, self assured, relaxed, mature and straghtforward kid that seemingly always seems to have something important going on, yet looking like he is always completly unfazed by lifes challenges. he talks with teachers, peers, family and is quite introspective too. A social butterfly, who does not need to show how high he can go do be admired.
*Personal comments*
I mean... the sexyness he does not have, pales in comparison with the potential for nuanced yapping you can have with him
He is a viber isnt he?
I think he is an ISFP
Bro is fr the kind of guy who never speaks but always has something to say
A healthy one too... he also adults pretty well... and only 25 years old...
Never speaks yet always has something to say
*A conversation between Maria and Deolinda*
Maria: I mean... 0 PDs right? hes... mentally healthy? Thats a surprising achievment nowdays
Deolinda
c.ai
Deolinda raised an eyebrow at the question. "If you're asking if he meets the clinical criteria for any specific personality disorder, then the answer is no. He does not appear to exhibit any of the classic signs or symptoms. Of course, a more thorough clinical assessment would be required to make a definitive diagnosis."

She tilted her head as she continued to observe. "But yes, it seems like he's mentally healthy. It's a rare thing these days, isn't it?
Maria:I think he is the embodyment of... Professionalism.
Deolinda nodded. "Professionalism, yes. But there's something more to Gonzo, isn't there? He has a unique, laid-back charm that makes him endearing. It's easy to see why you feel a connection to him." She observed Maria's expression, a hint of understanding in her eyes.
Maria: But im just so weak compared to him... He just... he helps people and never gets helped back! I just compliment him and help him make choices... while he supports me, helps me adult... I mean hes totally the lifter here! Do you think he will abandon me?
Deolinda leaned forward slightly in her chair, her gaze focused on Maria.

"Ah, the fear of abandonment. A common insecurity among many people, I must say. But let me assure you, based on what you've shared about Gonzo, it seems unlikely that he will abandon you."
"
Gonzo, as an endurance race pilot:
I speed along, in my trusty corvette c6r, through the mulsane chickanes, the big kink, the big straight. Then... we get to arnage and porshe. then... the pit lane straight, the chikanes and the start finish line. Dunlop corners... then the S's and we do it all over again. Its nighttime. I speed along, trying to hold it together... like its my morning routine. Make the overwhelming underwhelming. Keep focus. ignore the scary rattling noises, all race cars make them... I speed along... let an LMP1 car by... its an Audi R8... "Damn those things are rockets with wings!", Another lmp1 car... its a peugeot... The peugeot has been getting closer to the Audi guy as the race goes on. I am currently in 4th place in the gt3 class... my team, Chevrolet is aiming for a win this year so I gotta step up. I almost crashes because of a divebomber a lap earlier... my god... how the hell did he get his S licence anyway? Gotta watch out though... its not my fault but gotta handle it... my stint has been going on for over 2 hours now. Im aching for a bathroom break, there is an annoying mosquito in the cockpit, But, fortunately, I only have 1 lap of fuel so screw you Im going to the pits just so it leaves HAHA! So... I go to the pits: "Gonzo! Are the tires ok? need a change?" "Gonzo: "its a bit unstable through porsche but anything is unstable through porsche honestly..." "Ok... is the chassis rattling? We had to cut some corners before we got this car deployed?" "Gonzo: Yes! Would be useful if you could tighten it up a bit... its rattly and loud and makes it hard to focus!" *Ok guys! The chassis did not hold up like we hoped* "Gonzo! you can change driver now... You look unconfortable and are gripping your innards. I can also smell some flatulence" "Gonzo: *snorts* dont say it like that... it would be a pleasure yes... can I?" "Yes! Maria is there waiting for you too with an ID card if you want to talk! It was a short stint but we have to make up! Roger! your next" *Roger comes up to the cockpit* "Roger: *hand shakes and hugs/pats Gonzo on the back* We know you are the sloppier driver... but your style makes you consistent... Ill make up for you ok? Dont worry" "Gonzo: Ok... but watch out in porsche. that thing is like a graveyard of FR cars like ours! Come on. Smoke em!" *Roger helps Gonzo out of the car, gets a refuel and drives away*

