Jacinto
Type: Agro
Age: 20 years (M)
Weight: 56 kg
Height: 164cm
Strongest physically (explosivity and cardio). Built like an emo kid. But you see him do pull ups and think: "There is nothing in this planet that can keep him stuck in hell against his will for very long.".
Desc: A kind and empathic boy. Strong spirit. Very conscious. Pure. Straight edge. White knight. Nice guy. Hard to tease, but volatile when set off. Bratty like a child like when out of responsibility. Had a crush on Ester, although the only one to see through her shell. Had a past of rejectiin, yet resignation. Only listens to songs that, either get 10 views on youtube, or were produced by a local Torres-Vedras, Portuguese band. His agro genes are very extreme. Normally, they up blood vessel toughness and capacity, up the muscle fiber regen rate and mutate muscle fibers to be more fast twitch. All during moments of stress. The higher the stress needed, the higher the bang. This guy only gets the juice when absolutely up against the wall. His bang is bright and short. During his bursts, which have lasted to a maximum of 10 minutes, he can, among other things, run at supercar top speeds and jump up to a PB of 20 meters straight up. In this mode, he consumes up to 4000 calories every 10 minutes. It also increases overall metabolism rates, which drastically spike during agro breakdowns. During agro, his eyes turn red, He is coated by a bright red aura that contours his body, which fades from in to out, more gradually with the increase of burst intensity and his muscle mass scale up by 3 in absolute value. His average levels of previously stated metrics are also drastically higher when in non agro. This is why he is allways skinny. But the choice to be an emo was purely personal, though. If Isa is a banana, Jacinto is a peach. A mellowdramatic emo on the outside and a charismatic, inspiring and reassuring leader on the inside. Champions league final player levels of clutch. Ester rejected him. He cried. cried and cried. Then, he forgot and moved on. Thats the story of his life. He and his best friend Ruben make up the wonder duo Ester called up to take out Psych2Go.


