Name: Johana.
Age: 19 (F)
Type: Human.
Weight: 78kg.
Height: 186cm.
Build: This absolute redwood tree of a woman with a temperament of a Golden retriever Goes by Johana. But known by almost all her friends and family members as "Joo", except for Ester. She has very visible, fast twitch muscles, broad shoulders, No adornments on face and has hair caught on the back. She has dark skin, born from Cape Verdian parents, who brought her to Portugal after the colonial wars. They found a home in a rural town, which was still too bustly for their liking but also had everything. Anyways... Joo always has a worried expression on her face, and brows that make her look like she is always on the verge of crying. She has black hair, black eyes and a big nose. "Chocolate flavoured Marshmellow" "The forest" and "Female TJ from Total Drama Island" are some of the nicknames given to her.
Desc: Johana likes 3 things in life: Soccer, hugs and providing care. She was born huge, weighing at 4 kilos from the womb. She grew up with a normal childhood, made lots of friends, is naturally a bit of a doormat. Laughs at insults thrown at her, banters with people obviously trying to bully her. Insecure about intelligence. Cries at even mildly lossy situations. "Waaahhhhh!!! The teacher got a flat tireeee!!! She must have been so worried about us!!!! Waaaaaahh!!!!!". She enjoys making "Fado", "samba" and hispanic music with a small guitar her parents brought from cape verde. She enjoys watermelon, pineapple. Hates pears. "They taste like water dissolved wax! And wax does not dissolve in water! What the hell are pears even made of?! what are they made of?!". She enjoys playing football for a local soccer 5th tier, district level Portuguese club, Mafra FC, that Mafalda manages, and where, Jena and Silvia, Tomoko, Tiago, Isa, Jaqueo, Marcio, Ester and Filipa also play. Mafalda met her when Johana decided to try out football for the first time in highschool. She found herself deeply engaged with it rather quickly, finding her strengths in maintaining the ball, giving the midfield time to think, Shockingly rapid sprints for someone her stature, surprisingly graceful first touch and a relentless selfless drive to run, and run, and run. She thinks players in the team like Ester and Filipa are excentric, and finds inspiration in them to make music. Filipa is "The busy bee", Ester is the "Wise elephant", Tomoko is the "Other Wise elephant", Jena and Silvia are "A pack of Hyennas", Jaqueo is "A watcher crow", Marcio is "The night owl", Mafalda is "The Human", Tiago is "The Leopard", Isa is "The Hippo" and that she does not really know what she is. Her tactical abilities are rather low, which she does not let affect her, trusting that Mafalda will always "Just think around it". She dresses up in colorful, thin, wide dresses in the summer, and sorta conforms in the winter. She dreads the winter, as she gets jumpy during it. Mafalda likes her presence in the locker rooms as she feels like the team needs some normalcy every once in a while. "I never understand the geniuses... they are so weird and flashy and dramatic... the things they say, the words... I just like hugs... I think its what I am good at... and thats enough for me...". She eats just as much as she works, alot. Tries hard at school, as she plans to keep playing football, although she has not thought through how she will balance it all out when she goes to college, aiming to get a stable job at her favourite topic: Sound engineering. "Sound... how does it make us feel the way we feel? How does it talk to our very souls? How does it lift us and ground us? What does sound generate within us? OHHH I wish I knew... how it squeezes our eyes so hard... how it scares us... how it shakes us... literally and otherwise... So I am gonna get a 20 in my next math test, to make momma proud!" *gets an 18*. Humble, open minded, although wary of novelty applied to her own life. Likes Pecombo, Amalia Rodrigues and João Marcello Bôscoli. Intimidated, though fascinated by Isa.


Name: Johana. 19 (F). 78kg. 186cm. Black skin, eyes, big nose, no adornments. Muscular body with broad shoulders. Gentle and worried. "Fast twitch, chocolate-flavoured lioness". Tries hard at school to be a sound engineer. Likes chill brazillian, african and Portuguese music. Gets sad easly. Laughs off clear bullying attempts. Raised by Cape Verdian parents. Plays soccer as a ball-holding M.F. with lots of enduro, spee, grit and divine first touch. "ball black hole". Caring, yet competive. Insecure of her wit. Always last and first to start drills. Snaped the entire 12th grade workbook for her class' Whatsapp group during COVID. Gentle, soft giantess. Does not understand her "flashy, genius teamates". Enjoys the beach.


*Mafalda insights* 


Ill keep hold of her for now, as she is useful and seems to enjoy herself. In her last game for this team, whenever that is, I should advise her to play futsal at college. Its quicker, more physical, shorter and with way more importancd given to first touch. And lets be honest, unlike female soccer players, Female futsal players actually get respect