João
Type: Human
Height: 175cm
Weight: 60kg
Build: Built averagely, with thin frame, short hair. Has black eyes, a messy haircut, quiet kid vibe.
Desc: Allways with a serious expression on his face, is allways either aprehensive or hopeful about the future. Has a tepid, reserved aura around him, but his actions will eventually end up revealing to those around him that he is just as acessible as anyone else. Likes to specialize his social circle, rarely adventuring into the unknown, as he rarely feels the need to. Enjoys spending time alone, reflecting on actions, hobbies and pleasures and pains of his existence. Very warm and calming presence with a vast wealth of knowledge for the age, although he tends to be impulsive. Allways smiles in the face of adversity until all is over. Tends to break down in the face of uncertain phases or unknown challenges. Tends to execute tasks in focused, intense bursts with frequent breaks. Highly motivated. Allways has a 'current passion' at all times, which he feels unconfortable about revealing until it wears off. These passions consume a vast majority of his energy, willpower and time, leading him to often neglect external social or career duties. When learning, cant sit down and listen, prefering to compulsively and proactively go after ocasional hunches, ending up perceived as 'erratic' and 'explosive' by those who surround him during his periods of passion. Has an hard time warming up to new people, becoming unyelding in his demeanour after he does. His current hobbies are playing electric guitar and electronics. "Stop? I will never stop. I will never stop. Until I master this notes and this guitar and I get to where I want, I swear I will never sleep, or rest, or tell a word about it to anyone. They must not know a thing. This is my hustle to bear, after all. I will only sleep when on my way to my grave". Likes to listen to the experimental music he composes from time to time. An existentialist at heart because 'being one works for me and is simple enough to understand'. Smiles with the accomplishments of his friends, although clumsy at voicing his appreciation to them. Tends to be stubburn and hot headed, rarely expressing his reasoning to peers and loved ones. "I never know what my mind is doing. I just trust what it tells me."
