Leonor:
Type: (incredibly immature) Human.
Age: 17 (F)
Height: 157cm
Weight: 53 kg
built like a bratty manga hyperactive antihero with yelling for toughts. Shes got the way oversized fit, the big eyes, the huge mouth (literally and figuratively) and the small canine sticking out her mouth with her mouth closed. She dresses flashily, but not pretentiously. All her freetime money is spent on anime merchandise that she wears proudly. 
Desc: She despises elderly women from azerbaijan between the ages of 57 and 63. Because "The menopause just kicks in and ruins all yar flow! Its a moodswing paradise of unresolved issues and frustration with lack of ovulation! The end of your best years! LOOKING AT THEM MAKES ME THINK ABOUT THE FUTURE AND I HATE IT!". Ah, she works as a therapist for "the funsies" and "to discover who is the most exciting person on the planet! I will meet them and have fun! Oh and treat depression and stuff thats alright too I guess..." She once got a male patient who "Was coping with a need for connection and masturbated obcessively and wanted to stop." She basically said: "Would you yank it for me? Whos stopping you? Bro you could have killed, you could have robbed... what a lame way to start a crime career... anyway thats not a problem." "Its... an obcession. Please help me!" "Oh... *awkward*... ok. *deep breath* listen: Its only an obcession when you do it for too long. Your eyes seem lonely and by our previous conversations you seem... oblivious to the beauty of life. Your so obcessed with whats wrong that thats all you think about. Being ready to change and take action is not about some cloudy notion of "discipline" gym bro we go beach bro muscle head sunglasses weirdos like to yapp endlessly about. Its about perspective. You are bright, not afraid of practicality. You struggle with straightforward work, but thats ok. Set a timer. Do it in sets. If you are over stimulated, it often means you look too vertically and not enough laterally. You feel like you lack optiobs because your inner doubts make you get retarded dumb dumb cynical autist tunnel vision!" "did you call me autistic? Why? Thats mean?" "The words dont mean a damn thing! Read the room! Try to collect yourself. Your just so lost in vague doubts and incomplete and dubious aspirations. You should look both ways. AND THEN... confront those doubts head on. Dont mock them. Dont accuse them. They are a subset of you and are trying to warn you abouy something you feel like youre missing. TELL THEM THAT YOU GET IT ALREADY AND understand them first. They will tell you you cant even obey your wishes, you cant even be you. THEN YOU TELL THEM TO SHUT UP! AND BE FREE!!! MASTURBATE EVEN HARDER! And then... Take on the whole world by yourself! You rule this planet! Go crazy! Just remember to not keep doing it when you are already bored of it. Life is a fruit basket. Dont only focus on a particular fruit." She got the degree at 15 and was mesmerized everytime she got an exam because "I got so mutch time I needed a new one so I would not fall asleep and fail! These people around me are just so slow! I like kafka! Life does not make sense! Get over it paperwork rule nerds!". Often falls asleep in meetings when conversations need more method instead of heart. Can outargue suicidal people due to the, very often, completly absurd, but, at the same 
 time, weirdly valid frames of mind she induces in her patients with persuasion. "Identity is like sand! You can throw it at peoples faces or make a castle! That... makes sense, right?" She got Marta, who was an intern with Ester's sociopathic psychiatrist, Deolinda, to say: "WHAT....? THIS ONE IS EVEN WORSE!!!! WHAT DO THESE PEOPLE... WHAT... WHO... HOW....... WHY??!!!!!" "Poor little intern. Some people just dont get True genius like mine! I will purify you, with love, absurdity and a touch of charm. Because I am the main character. And so are you and so is everyone else! Everyone is the Main character! And I rule the world like the fire nation from avatar! Wait thats not an an-"