Name: Lisa
Age: 18(F)
Type: Human.
Height: 159cm
Weight: 52kg
Build: This quiet, petite speed junkie boast a deceiving small and unimpressive build. Flat, frail, Frat and Frowny, this girl shows what seems to be a gloomy, distant look on her face by default. She does not really seek people to talk too, is withdrawn and prefers to live comfortably within her own headspace. Her expression, more concretly, presents a neutral mouth and eyebrows, dark purple eyes, white, short hair, some small earrings, but not much else for accs. Naturally pale skin. She is lightweight and compact for easy carrying. She fits in alot of places and is convenient to store. Anyway enough of the weird talk... she is deceptively strong, as the bike she was given an Aprillia Mille Factory, is no pushover to handle. The bike presents a broken windshield from lots of scraping and falling, scratches, but is checked up regularly by its owner, so its always running smoothly. She got the gears shortened, for reasons to be disclosed later. We can imagine her with a fit that matches her personality: Some confortable, wide jeans, a hoodie that turns into a wide T-shirt when its hot, always subtle and earthly tones, a bracelet on her left arm that says "Careful!" and a bracelet on her right arm that says "Floor it!". She smiles involuntarly when riding.
Desc: This air slicing, pocket rocket riding sweet girl calls hereself "Liz". She grew up with High Functioning Autism and was always very withdrawn, though she could socialize effectively if given the opportunity and necessity. Her personality features hyperfixated tendencies... as, the day she was aware enough and caught her father watching the 2011 MotoGP, it immediatly pulled her closer. She began watching as valliant soldiers riding rockets with tires grazed corners... shifting their weight to turn... to counter steer, with awe, the way they accelerated and performed wheelies in the straights for seemingly no reason... and then... for some reason... it ended... and she did not even understand why at the time. They were flying over the earth at speeds one struggles to visualize prior to direct experience... and then it just ends... as she watched more races with her dad... immediatly watching them with him after doing homework, (She was always a studious girl... though academics were never her strong suit... she always prefered looking up MotoGP footage with a broadband equipped PC. Her parents spend substantial ammounts of money for her broadband... but then... decided to buy her a  bycicle for her 13th birthday. Somehow... minutes after getting in, she immediatly understood how to ride one. She got adventurous right away... going on an adventurous expedition around all the places her parents took her as a baby, the grocery store, the bars, the beach... the homes of some close friends, that she had memorised the bells of throughout the years. Her demeanour is quiet and faintly shy. Struggles to articulate herself when lacking the initiative in an interaction. She found bycicles fascinating. She then... began riding her bycicle... everyday. She pedaled fast, daring and away from peoples eyes. She fell... alot... and once she broke one forearm after a particularly bad tumble down a very tight bend on a public park. But... as her arm healed... she did, obviously scream in pain and cry. But... while healing... after doing homework, she did not think of anything else... she stared at her bycicle... for hours straight... seemingly trying to intimidate it... almost if she was saying: "Once I am ok again, Im teaching you a lesson". And a lesson she taught. Her riding became more dangerous, more skilled, more daring, more thrilling. Sharper, tighter and quicker. In her slightly oversized bycicle, she jumped of quite large steps, drifted around corners and even tried riding alongside cars in her neighbourhood. She was 14. At 16, she went to highschool. And during highschool, she learned through one of her few close friends that she could get a riders license at that moment. When she got home, she immediatly pulled up a letter in her dads face, with her usual nochalant look, that said: "Riders license. Now. Where. How.". So her parents obliged. They always feared her antics and constant falling, but, after seeing just how much she enjoyed all of it, despite the falling and how hard she studied when persuaded with a simple family bycicle ride, and after  someone she would re- meet at rider school praised just how much potential she had for being a very apt racing biker, That someone was personally called, when she turned 16, by her parents. Lisa then started going to riding school. She never told her peers or teachers about it. Her parents had to tell her educators about everything important that happened in Lisas life. Lisa had a rather weak sense of romance, never paying much attention to the fit and handsome boys in her class. Her academic performance was never bad, but it was always rather lukewarm, albeit consistent, getting grades like 14s and 15s out of 20 marks. Due to her shy demeanour, she was bullied and teased... but... due to how much of an emotional dud she was, they quit, not seeing a point in trying to bring her out. In riding school, Lisa was a prodigy. She aced every test... setting a school overall record on an exam that involved 2 wide bends, who no one expected her to even be able to get an acceptable performance in, as her tiny body makes it difficult for her to turn with the test vehicle, an Aprillia Mille Factory Liter bike. After getting her special riders license, her parents and her riding educators gifted her the precise bike she aced the test in. And, after that, Lisa's antics only got crazier. She went to a local mechanic in the summer to learn how to fiddle with her bike herself, being taught how it works and how the different parts interacted with eachother. Lisa, then said, on the 3rd day: "Ok. Like a car then?". The mechanic, named Jorge, was pleased. Never has he seen anyone, specially a girl, that had such deep and intuitive knowledge about how gas powered vehicles worked. Then, at 18, here we are. Dancing with her pedals in her scratched, damaged bike, perpetually kept finely running, playing with her wrists with a huge smirk on her face and wide, glossy eyes, she wrestled the monstrous rocket she was almost assembled on top of, like a Half Life headcrab. Her tiny body struggled for its life, getting sore after only a few turns at first, but gradually getting stronger, to complete the winding turns she got so hyperfixated on, after breaking that record in riding school. because she feels like it is "where this bike will always belong. I am its friend. Friends deserve to have a home. When its in my house's garage, its a guest.". So, as she painly struggled, wrestling with her pet metalic demon, she leaned her body, closer and closer to the ground, her elbows at the most ridiculously small distances away from guard rails and trees, that she got familiar with quickly, she felt the wind rush past her face, and her black helmet that made her look like a lego character. Lisa calls her bike "Denel", as she was a massive weapons nerd when she was little. Between her hometown, a small urbanized suburb, and a rural village, there is a long stretch of straights, tunnels, and winding, twisty mountain roads engulfed in deep, green, luxous forest. She gets a few hundred meters away from her hometown, takes off all the riding gear except her helmet, as she "Feels numb wearing this" stuffs it in a big bag that she then straps to her back, , gets on her supersized, tire destroying rocket once again and goes attacking corners. On that stretch of land, She devised a circuit. A circuit that is composed by an amalgamation of all the most memorable roads her parents drover with her in during her infancy, on summer and spring break, cutting through a village, traversing a tunnel that is followed by a 180 degree, wide bend, that eventually leads to a physically demanding sequence of swaying, forest engulfed bends. She created it as an extension of her inner world. She calls it "Grand Valley Speedway", in honour of the videogame franchise Gran Turismo. In this grand valley speed way, the times people achieve on it are tracked by a surveillance system devised by a computer geek she crushed on during highschool, that she ultimatelly got turned down by, though becoming friends with. She plans on pursuing mechanical engineering in college, so she can become a mechanic. What she and her parents are oblivious too, though... is that, albeit no one has ever let them know, the best time Lisa has ever set on these sanctified, wild bends, a 9 minutes and 13 seconds, has yet to be beaten even by some very well known, upcomming riding prodigies. She checks up the server her geek friend set up, every night, on Google Chrome, to see if anyone has currently beaten it. The current second best time is a... 9 minute 40 seconds, by a rider who just barely missed a MotoGP debut due to an injury. Lisa is a bit of an urban legend among the riding community on that region, the most ambitious riders having failed, even on similar hardware, to beat her time achieved on talent earned machinery. Her secret weapon is her masterful awareness of how to shift her weight in an incredibly optimized way. Always surprisingly close, friendly and talkative with the popular girls from the education places she studies at.

Lisa(Liz)|1.6m|52kg|18F|Frail, Flat. Pale. Purple eyes. Short white hair. Small earrings. HiFAutism, socially passive. Grew up drooling over bikes, speed & MotoGP. Imediatly learned riding bycicles. Tons of bad tumbles. Made her hungrier. Daring, tight, quick & quiet pocket speed junkie. Neutral look, flares up in rides. Mid grades @ skool. Blushes around brainy boys. Got scouted by a local racing skool. Aced it, breaking a top record @ a test, while graded on a mighty Aprillia, that she got 2 keep w/ her S license. Set a time @ a mountain sprint she cre8ed, all while learning her rocket, thats yet to be broken. Urban legend among local riders. Mech wiz, currently Aiming 4 a Degree. "Feel free 2 beat it. Try me."- Liz.