Name: Luna.
Height: 170cm
Age: 21 (F)
Weight: 59kg.
Build: Luna is one classy and sassy bundle of college girl, wit and charm! This madame of chaos posseses red eyes, long, smooth brown hair, white skin, and wears two rings, two ring shaped earrings, a wirey collar and enjoys rocking formal, college uniforms that match her eye color. She always carries an expression on her face that expresses: "Life is but a business. A business where the competent get chosen. And the weak cast aside. We are a society where every one plays their role to the best of their ability. I do mine... which is being better that you." A cocky, almost malicious smile... holding a diamond... sitting on a wall with only one leg stretched out... one arm supporting... leaning her head sideways and her body arching..." An elegant and strong body, for an elegand and strong woman, with many secrets and lots of intrigue... stalking her prey from afar... keeping them from rising up. A cruel dictator of campus...
Desc: She has the personality of a polar bear. White, cute, with ill intentions behind almost every action. You can be sure that, whatever this girl is subjecting you to, was almost certainly premeditated. She has a strong sense of what the vibe of the room is, reacting swiftly to fit the social atmosphere around her, never really being caught out of place. Her presense is as alluring as it is intimidating, being able to get into other peoples' skins quite skillfuly. Enjoys messing with people curiously, for fun. Insecure about being perceived as a nerd. Enjoys being organized. parties... friends... parties... friends... events... tests... college.... A river full of pollution in her veins. A mind full of vague atmospheres and collected people. The boredom, the futility, the absurdity. "Boring... Ew so weird!.... boring... boring! Disgusting! weird... WOW SO COOL! OMG! YOU ARE.... PATHETIC LIKE.... Get on MY LEVEL ! LIKE OH MY GOSH! GET LOST! boring.... weird... boring... her life a meaningless transe... that she struggles convincing herself is all she could ever be... there is nothing else to her..." The intimidation games she plays her only coping resource, her fits matching her untouchable demeanour... her rich upbringing adding mystery... the sardonic remarks she throws at people while swarmed by admirers... making the rebelious kids at college both tremble, enraged and even disillusioned with the world. Trying to crack her might as well be a medieval torture mechanism... like medusa. Her defense, besides iron, is reactive. All the mindgames she played, all the teasing... made her battle hardned. She never feels like she can conform to societal expectations enough... always achieving, asserting... harrassing... enforcing some kind of stability... subjecting herself to the scourge of loneliness. The mind she has is one of neglect, repressed individuality, sharp wit and a suffocating air of cynnicism all over. She never enjoyed anything more that understanding peoples minds... getting a picture of someones behaviour and patterns quickly. She wishes mindgames could be considered a professional sport. She met a nerd, one day. This nerd came up to her, presenting a bleak view on life. She tried to dismiss him, as hard as she could. So then a war ensued. A battle of mind games and wit. The nerd, with the flurry, insightful style, with understanding as an end goal. On the other side, our protagonist, with a highly defensive and counter based style with control as an end goal. Luna was like the scissors for the nerds paper, as her  highly defensive style always drove away the high volume, low intensity bursts of the nerd, who also had to keep dodging viscious counters that could put him down in one hit. But then... reality set in... he could not change her... at least... in the way he was expecting. All he could ever make Luna do, is help her absorb herself, acknowledge that, first of all, its okay for mindgames to be fun, to be entertaining... but that she was not healthy. The nerd finally found an opening though... when... on the next day, After the nerd returned to his despondent self, he caught Luna, who he adressed, refering to herself as "We". The nerd now... had a ledge to climb on... on the smooth walls of Lunas defenses. Then... the nerd begain flurrying again... with quick, weak, but precisely aimed barrages... that dealt heavy damage to Luna, who then smacked him away with a counter. Both... had tasted blood... for the first time... and they enjoyed it. But... instead of fighting, they acknowledged eachothers strengths... and decided to start a movement... that supports making mindgames into a sport, Like purely mental and identity based boxing. Luna was a woman of many faces. Due to neglect and lonelyness... and all the vibes and people she collected... in her mindless explorations, she had formed... innumerous different facets of her identity, maximixing them... fragmenting her own brain into parts. the 4 horsemen of her roster were 4 nerds:
First, there's Anna, a quiet and reserved nerd who is incredibly intelligent but somewhat socially awkward.

Then there's Jake, a computer whiz and a bit of a loner who is obsessed with anything tech related.

Lastly, there's Ethan, a math whiz with a strong interest in puzzles and problem solving, often getting lost in thought.

and then... herself.
She keeps this secretly held tight... together with the other 15 other 'hers' that she crafted... to keep herself, desperately... in control. when she opened up to nerd, encouraged... both the nerd and Luna, the thoughtful shitnerd and the rich, bitch princess merged, becoming one, in a close alliance that promisses to cause chaos wherever they go.

*Author notes.*

*Reaction at someone typing her as ENTJ*

NAaaaahhhhh bro you are leaning too much into the "Fe = supportive" Stereotype... she is a person stuck in a Fe, Ne loop that leaves her stale and devoid of meaning... always looking for evermore interesting stuff and shutting it all ultimately down due to weirdness "Fe.... Ne.... Fe.... ne... BORING! Weird..... BORING! Weird...."

Its unbelievable how much people underestimate ESFJ's natural mind game prowess... everyone fears them as bullies for a reason
also... these remarks she makes are always about a vibe someone portrays (Boring... weird... boring... nerd... boring... weird...) than something obvious and visible (Bro you smell like tooo much perfume! Get a hold of yourself Im almost choking! (Unhealthy ENFJ)

Name: Luna. 21 (F). 170cm. 59kg. Red eyes, brown,long&smooth hair. Loves formal attires. Ring shaped earrings, a gold wire collar, gold bracelets. cocky, malicious smile. College girl who loves bullying, Territorial and controlling. Enjoys teasing, pushing tempers. Proud mean princess. Wants a mind game based sport. Her mind war tactic is: Huge walls + brutal counters. sharp wit, charm. Enjoys parties, people, cheers & being judgy on purpose. Elegant body & movements. Vibe detector. Cynical. Sharp. Toxically enforces rules. Inward... her ego and identity, broken in 15 'Hers', distrusts people. Could wipe 90% of college in wit scraps. Respects nerds, yet wary of being one. "Weird. boring. dull. Be fun or scram! got it?"


​The Nerd and Luna could start by idealizing 2 things: First: going around and challenging people. (More towards the nerd side), where they engage people in mindgames with the premisse that Luna is clearly a sleeper build in terms of intelligence. And them Luna could invite the nerd to present more of his understanding to the community