Name: Marcio
Type: Human.
Age: 18 (M)
Height: 168cm
Weight: 61kg.
Build: This drooling goofy goober of a highschool kid is built kinda like a  bathroom male symbol: Has a bald head, black skin, brown eyes, clear skin, no adornments, a tranquil expression on his face... always with his eyes half closed. Constantly seen drooling. Does not have much visible muscle, although his fibers are highgly slow twitch, allowing him to run way longer overall distances in soccer games. Wears glasses in class and when writing. Has sharp hearing and reflexes. slow, sloppy movement, often drags feet. Sits whenever he has the chance. Dresses in the way he thinks will gather the least attention possible. Avoids speaking. Possesses lanky limbs and a small core.
Desc: Marcio suffers from hypersonia, which he manages well with some effort. He is from Guiné Bissau, being born in Portugal, after his parents migrated due to the Ultra Marine wars. As a teenager, never complained about bed time, never went out at night, prefering to stay at home reading until he, rather quickly, falls asleep. Highly intelligent, enjoys homework because "its relaxing... helps me fall asleep.", Sometimes many times over, getting very good at math, portuguese grammar and Geography, AKA, anything that highly benefits from constant, deliberate, tedious practice, or high ammounts of logical prowess... or simply whatever he is currently reading about. Goes to bed early. Still struggles to wake up in the morning. What often drives him to take action in anything is... know that primal anger and stress you feel when waken up at 2 am? Thats what he feels every day. Told by his mother to do some sports, ended up scouted out by Mafalda, for her football club. Marcio is a reliable Fullback. he is a ball fetcher that relies on instinct. He says that although it annoys him, He is good because he can "read the stress". If he sees anything bothering him in the long run, Compounded by the training and overall knowledge of the game he amassed, he just knows how to act on it. He can run for extremely long periods of time at a relatively high pace, being the 3rd fastest 4k runner in the team, the second being Isa and the first being Filipa. He has several nicknames, although some of them a bit ill faithed: "Mbapreto", "The ball snatching tick", "The spider".(due to how difficult it is to press him and his lanky physique). "Go away stupid attacker! Football is such a drag..." *Rushes fast for a soccer player already in the 80th minute, threading a leg between the atackers legs, stealing it, then sending a long ball to tomoko, the attacking midfielder, like someone swatting a fly* "Go fetch, annoying attacker!" *He dismisses, then looking at Mafalda, asking her if the game is already over... with a whole bunch of players bustling around him as he speaks, becoming annoyed when told that it isnt*. He struggles with his belief that no company would want someone drowsy and selfish like him, prefering to enjoy the confort of practicing the school subjects he enjoys. Although focused in class, always has his head snuggled in his crossed arms during it, just listening, which has lead to lots of misunderstandings, which quickly get put away when the teachers realize just how capable he is. As the author, Id say that, although his drowsyness is clearly something positive in comparison with the norm, IE its bolted in, at the same time, its also an advantage. Although he clearly just needs it because of hypersomnia, his constant drooling also makes him learn almost twice as fast as his peers. "School is easy... people just tell you whats real and whats not... you dont even have to lift your head... its soo easy... I dont understand who struggles..." This does not affect his social life as, although Marcio does not really talk alot in friend gatherings, and although its always his friends that have to find him, and that he is hopelessly flaky, they still like him, as they prefer him this way over another sweatlord. The highschool clique he says he identifies the most with is "The poet". His parents want him to be a math tutor. Enjoys shoegaze, chill, african drum beats and Pecombo

Name: Marcio. 18 (M), 168cm, 61kg, long limbs. lanky build. Black skin. brown eyes. Bald. Eyes constantly half closed. Often seen drooling. sluggish yet patient, logical, focused and deliberate. Plays soccer as a ball fetching fullback, keen tension reader. Enjoys mangos and grapes, and drilling math, geography and grammar at school. Clueless to why peers "struggle so much". Goes to bed early, yet struggles to get up at dawn. Megasomniac. "Leave me... Im good ok? Go talk to others... zzz....". Snoozes in class, laying head on crossed arms. Learns quickly, due to his constant snoozing. Loves reading. Dislikes "sweaty, loud people". Cape Verdian parents. "School is free. Focus... thats it." Views self as lazy and sefish.

*Author notes*

Nicknames that fit him:

"Drowsaitama", "African Monk"

Spiritual animal:

Gloom from Pokemon