Name: Maria.
Age: 21 (F)
Height: 178cm
Weight: 59kg.
Build: Thinner than normal, yet healthy. flat chest. Balanced strength distribution. Dark eyes, worn down and weak light brown hair, big nose. (Is ashamed of it).
Normal White color skin. Wears pearly earrings. Heart of gold. Wears a portuguese folk style hair scarf. Has thin glasses. Has Myopia. Loves wearing those hard sole shoes used by business men and people who are usually wearing smokings. Has a very, very, very strong immune system.
Desc: Fresh out of a fight with cancer. (Myeloma.) her family is freshly poor after the battle, so her clothes are, currently, a worn down nasa sweater, worn down generic 'feira' jeans, lots and lots of bracelets on her arms. One for every person who helped her throughout her life in a meaningful way. Has 5 true friends she never ever forgot. her mother, her father, her grandmother. her best friend from middle school and her best friend from highschool. is bissexual. Very hard time feeling aroused. Spent almost her entire life feeling like she was genuenly defective so, unwilling to face such a harsh self concept, decided to commit herself fully to being selfless and pleasing her fellow 'brothers and sisters from god'. is a diagnosed masochist. Does not like showers. Likes sitting still. Looking at landscapes. Is enrolled in pharmacology. Her highschool best friend... Is Filipa. (I mean... who the hell isnt a best friend for Filipa and vice versa anyway... I, the auther, personally, heard this kind of logic back when I was 10 years old at a playground right next to my house. Damn... my education was virtually flawless... I really better not waste it. Maria thinks like this at every little thing others do for her.) Toxic gratitude. She does feel pretty happy, but her ungodly existential resistence to adversity makes her a pushover in the moment. Was a top rated midfielder for her highschool soccer team, where she played with Filipa. Her team was a possession machine. Filipa had infinite energy, that is pretty much quintessential to the universe itself. And this girl... rallied up her teamates and... read the game, Like no one else. But if her strategies failed, She would panick, get on her knees and start crying ON THE PITCH AND ON THE SPOT AND ON THE MOMENT. She would obviously brush it off, but it was almost always too late, continuing her cycle of constant self disappointment and harsh criticism. She genuenly wishes she had no ego. During middle school, until she met Filipa, She was a weed addict. Filipa warned everyone and everyone supported her. She kept her ego, and then... her self perceived debts towards others.... increased exponentially. She gets defensive when asked about what she wants. She is bad at adulting but wills herself through everyday trying to get better at it. Astronomical levels of situational awkwardness. She wishes she also had no body, and that she was a machine, so that she did not have to keep serving everyone for all the great things they do to her and how it pretty much will never end and how she is a failure that will never ever get the punishment she deserves. But... on the other hand, she is eternally grateful, has any tactical situation she mildly focuses on in the palm of her hands, is a true soldier of hope, has a very deep sense of purpose, as she wants to... "Repay the world" and she has Filipa, her mother, her grandmother and her father on her side.
"Im like interference. Noise. electromagnetic waves. Photons. Turbulend and chaotic and meaningless. Static. Something that shows on TV and like the actual thing, is necessary to keep it running. Interference on OTHER PEOPLES LIVES THAT IS! I am also... ethanol. Ever numbing of hardship. I heal so others dont feel pain, so I feel their relieved sighs vicariously. I converse with the other humans, vicariously. I seep into their minds using my imagination. Feel their desires, so I feel them. Its the only pleasure I deserve. The one from other people. I must cause pleasure to receive it. I must cause pain... to receive it. and when peoples pleasure immediatly ends, I go back to feeling pain. But I keep going. Like fleeting rain on the eeriest days of 'aguaceiro' weather in Guarda, Portugal, the pleasure other people get from me washes over them, and goes away. Im a statue in a football game, watching over everyone. stationary. Giving hand signs. I make my team score without even touching a ball. Skill is overrated. I prefer... to nourish. I prefer to protect. Have fun showing off. Have fun remaining ever blindingly glowing, making everyones gazes burn in agony, as your ego makes you a fool. Have fun... making yourself miserable. Have fun being SELFISH TRASH! Because of you, selfless trash can have a purpose.
My life is a twisted videogame. A simulation of the devil tormenting until I hit the worm bath. making me quiver in agony every night, knowing That, maybe, the egyptians were right! My pain WILL carry over to the after life. I am made to feel pain. So, by my logic, it seems that... I should work even harder tomorrow! My life is a videogame boss battle, neverending and ever growing in intensity, as my pain builds up, with my broken, fractured and numbed down ego, from the medications I craft with my ISTP girlfriend, who is really really smart and stoic while I just... give her flowers and emotional support while she just carries house and... UGH! WHY CANT I JUST DI-.... Mom... Sorrry... I did not mean to say that... but... *sobs* I dont know what else all of this could possibly entail... I know adversity breeds life... but, honestly, Id just rather be dead."
She spends her day looking at dumb videos she feels utterly disgusted at for their pointlessness while she recites her current biggest defects, while she peels her skin, with an empty stare on her face, when no one calls her during a day. She goes to a volunteer center and they are like: "Girl! were sorry! Youve done the work for 3 days yesterday! And people get kinda creeped out by you... you need to chill... You shout... alot". When her mom opens her door, worried about how much time she spends alone, She musters up 2% more of her already only 5% battery to smile warmly at her mother, saying: "Im looking for more volunteering opportunities mommy! Dont disturb me ok?" "Sure... *concerned as she  turns away and closes the door again*" (She already scouered 10 pages of google search for places where she can physically go without a plane, as she is poor. Also without a bus... tickets are an absolute robbery these days.) she barely blinks as she stares at her phone, wondering if there will be a fire soon... "its summer after all... there has to be one right? Right? Any moment now!"
Shes the kind of girl who flipped her tongue at her first crush when said crush offered her flowers
She never did self harm... because "essential people" may need her at any time. thats her only reason


1.8m tall. 21y Female. body mass of 70 kg. glass wearing, worndown, ball of masochism and misery. Nurtures and feels all the pain. Suffers and gets positive feedback. Oversees friends and family, carrying them as bracelets. Frail, ghostly brown hair, dark eyes, meek look and demeanour. pearly earrings. her cousin is a priest and her brother is a bishop. her life is a videogame where maximizing damage  suffered gives you more damage. Stillness and peace are her excitement. Almost impossible to arouse. Bissexual. Self hating masochist. Wishes she could have no ego. Hyperfixated in volunteering opportunities. Filipa was her shoulder during highschool. Worn clothes and a nasa sweater, because she wishes she lived in space.
The more life allows her to help, the more she reels back at the possibility of reward. A pain drenched, walking contradiction for a human, that guides the masses towards a better future only she can see, using her sharp intuition and deep pockets of empathy.


*author notes*

I can just imagine Maria, a rather brilliant midfielder... who commited a simple, common, tactical mistake and, as her teamates rush to protect the goal with natural, competitive drive and urgency, she... just stays there... the sounds... the lights... the emotions escape from her blood... escape from her soul... they start roaming free... as she panics... until... Maria, with wide, red, gruesomly vasculated eyes... and a paranoid, pale expression on her face... that she grips in an eery... grotesque fashion... she then gets to her knees... and yells... at full power: "KKKKKKYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!"