Name: Raquel.

Type: Agro.

Age: 22 (F)

Height: 182cm

Weight: 75kg

Build: Raquel has white skin, a face with no perceptible imperfections, brown hair, conventional looking earrings, brown eyes, and a serious expression on her face. Her body is rather muscular, but unnassuming with clothes on. She usually wears confortable clothes, although she gets creative with it and comes up with subtle, but catchy fits. Has mean teacher vibes at a squinted eyes glance.

Desc: So... during that whole issue with Filipa and Ester, we did figure out who Filipa and Ester are. But... who is the Mysterious Raquel? Raquel is a stern, yet gentle and surprisingly open minded college student, currently enrolled in Instituto superior tecnico, in Portugal. She visits Filipa, Adriano, Tomas and Ester ocasionally, helping them with anything from paperwork to practical financial decisions and works through them in financial problems. Smart, witty, enough willpower to be the sun for half an hour (holy shit that rhymed... anyway) and is deeply caring. Gets angry often. Swallows emotions because she feels like they are useless when the world needs her help to keep things in order. "Ok so I am judgy huh? Ok then I gues you are right... *holds back and stays strong*". She is a judo federate for portugal, using her Agro powers and... copious ammounts of training to defeat the competition. She has to fight people 2 weight classes above for fairness. won 2 bronzes in the national champioships in the divisions and age group where she competes. Very physically strong, enjoys challenge for the sake of it. Likes to help Filipa clean her room, as Filipa is "A huge mess... but funny as hell". She is seen in a lense of "strict teacher vibes", a position that she should refute more often instead of helping Filipa, who already clearly has the basics for money management down. Dismisses own individuality and sees it as a weakness, although she clearly means it and wont hit anyone who refutes. Is starting to mature in that regard. Deeply caring, she often keeps to herself and tends to take on too much, with fear of being seen as "useless". believes people should prioritize more and that "some friends are used for stuff and others are used for other stuff... I aint asking Filipa for my emotional management....hell no! she always makes me cry and calls me judgy although I try my hardest not to be... but shes funny and clever". Ester thinks they are kinda the same. Tomas thinks she is a rock. Adriano thinks she is misunderstood. Filipa swears she is like a clone of her mother transmutated into the body of a built college girl. She tends to lash out at people when all that she bottled spills out. Deeply regrets the aftermath. "Omg... I really am mean... I really am a mean teacher... Im so useless lashing out at my friends... now I really am a mean teacher... screw me...". Enjoys cooking for herself when she is in her college dorm, listening to music suggestions from her friends, in her own words: "Where do they find this stuff? When I open my computer I just see katy perry!....". Admires Ester, for her hind and foresight, Filipa, for her playfulness, Tomas for his reserved, yet warm charm and Adriano for his "human-camera" like adorable charm. "Adriano just stays in his room writing and looking beyond his window... just blitzing outside when on his toes to confirm some wild theory with seemingly random strangers... once again... they just have to be strangers, right?... when I look at him... he is always alone... but he knows so much stuff! I cant know the stuff he does... how does he do well in college... why does he need to know so much stuff... do I not know enough stuff? How are his grades? How is he sustaining himself? Oh boy... the world sure is full of mysteries and wonders...". She asks tons of, often, fruitless questions to teachers, to try and understand complicated stuff. She found proof math exercises annoying and pointless when she had to go through the math subjects. She is thankful she does not have to do any of it again, but looks back in fondness... She wants to travel to russia, because... "I dont know... I just really wanna... is that dumb? Im sorry... I dont do it if its dumb ok, dad?". "As I spread myself too thin, like butter on bread, the bread and butter of my life that is the combo of overwork and repression, will that melt my brain into mush, a mush that may just be preyed on, by the cruel crow of society's expectations? What happens after? I will be caught... soon... I will be caught on by the eyes of scrutiny... they will see my stupid, dumb wishes like going to russia... what am I even thinking... they are repressive and its always snowing... I would freeze there... and I have school! And Filipa and Ester may need my help! I cant just leave them! I cant! I cant... right? What if I can? if I can... what does that mean for Filipa? Is she just gonna... die without me? What if she dies? What if Ester kills herself? She is too mentally screwed in the head to be stable! What about Tomas? Tomas will look down on me and will kick me from the group! No! No! No! I cant leave them! I CANT LEAVE THEM! *starts crying*"

Her persona:

Name: Raquel. 22 (F). 182cm. 75kg. Her muscles hidden by her usual clothing. Brown eyes and hair. Federate Judoka for Portugal. Responsible, witty and clever, caring, practical, surprisingly open-minded. By many, dismissed as a mean teacher prospect. Insecure about it. Her shellyness leads her to sometimes blow up in harsh self blame and worry. Annoyed, yet apprecative of messy, dreamy people. Constant doubts place in her friend group, though always providing for them. Born leader. Her Agro powers, that are emotion driven, sharply increase hunger and skyrocket physical prowess. She comes across as stern and cold, yet truly cares about those around her. "Crying? Only in my sleep! I cant falter! Ever!". Very impatient.

*Author notes*

Raquel, as she grows and moves through life, will eventually realize that there are many ways of being an adult. As she puts it herself "I may not be a genius... but Im not a dumbass either... I should be able to do it... I must..."

*Me discussing with someone who thinks she is ISTJ, while I think ESTJ*

But like... ISTJ's problem isnt society vs me right? Its tidy vs expanding... she does not have problems expanding and tidying seamlessly... she basically just thinks that doing 1 selfish thing will destroy earth, which is textbook young ESTJ

This is for the buggers that think that ESTJs are just mean teachers