Name: Pedro.
Type: (maybe) Human
Age: 16.
Height: 216cm
Weight: 80kg.
Build: Built like a very boney slenderman. has a very bony face, very big dark circles under eyes, his eye pallette is inverted and is very, very pale. Has very, very high bone density, thas very, very long limbs and his ribs are clearly visible. Is very athletic, as he constantly crushes David in any kind of sports activity.
Desc: David's Eternal rival. They met in the first year of Highschool. David joined the school's cycling team as his first attempt at connecting with the local community. Pedro is in another HighSchool, which is the fiercest rival of the school David studies at. They met in their first highschool in their HighSchool journeys. During the race, David was clearly the one trying the hardest, which was futile, because he could not keep up with Pedro's sneaky mindgames and just overall superior, yet easly underestimatable physique. Pedro got in David's head and intimidated him. Studied him during the first two stages, closely following behind him, giving the impression to David that he was barely keeping up. When the third stage came, Pedro realized David was "Pequeno" And "batata cozida", So he did what any competitor in that situation does and asserted himself over David. Pedro won that race convincingly, as David was so devastated mentally that he forfeited. Each time Pedro and David met at field trips, Pedro would sneak up behind David and whisper. "Pequeno." "Batata!" "Batata cozida!"  "Bacalhau!" "Azeite!" "Cenoura!" Which are the ingredients for a traditional Portuguese dish using cod (Bacalhau). he was sending him the message he was going to eat him up. Here is an episode between Pedro and his teamate from the Ping-Pong pairs team: "Its training day. Lucio wants to go to Pedro's house. But he is scared of him. So he calls coach to take him there and reassure him. Pedro's house is a shed in the middle of a farmer's property. The shed has a TV That I swear cannot be bigger than a cellphone, a mini fridge connected to a gasoline generator that he gets the money for fuel from doing chores for the farmer and selling meat in the local market. He does not have a bed, he has a leg press, a thread mill, some dumbbells, and thats it. Coach and Lucio ask permission  to the farmer to cross to the Shed. The female farmer says "Sure! But beware. He does not like visitors. *A shiver goes down her spine*" Lucio: "Trust us, M'am. We know."" They go in, aprehensive. They knock on the sheds door, which falls over. They find Pedro hunched over his miniature TV with HORRIBLE Posture (and omg... just buy a phone at that point! Whats the use of such a TV?! Anyway...) Watching replays of the opponents they have to face. There are also very worn down notebooks all over the place. He does everything to keep doing sports. So he has to get good grades. He wants to crush everyone at every dimension. So he is also one of the top scorers in terms of grades. Pedro mutters: "Burn away! Burn away all 'Pequenices'. Burn away! Scrape away! They are 'Pequeno'! They must die! They will die!" Lucio: "Pedro? I.. I... it-- Its... t--t-training day!" Coach and Lucio brace for impact, as Pedro slowly rises up and OMG HE JUST KEEPS GETTING BIGGER WHAT DO THEY FEED THIS KID? As a little bit of a backstory, Pedro has Gigantism, which, among other things, means he will die much earlier than most people. So his lifes mission is to "Crush all 'Pequeno's (small people)" Pedro engages with them in voice. A very eerie thin voice comes out: "Hmmmmm.... teamate! Are you.... 'Pequeno'?" Lucio swallows a bit of saliva and then replies: "N- No?" Pedro replies: "Good. WHERE IS THE CAR?" Coach replies, suddently and in a jumpy way: "HERE! THIS WAY!" Pedro: "Good. We have work to do. These guys dont look like 'Pequeno's. You better get ready to sweat. You too, coach. Im whipping you both into shape" Lucio responds: "D-Dont talk to coach like th-" Coach: "Just do what he says! Shhhhh!!!". They then head to the car and go train in  the schools sports facility." Pedro was diagnosed with limb gigantism at age 5. The doctors said he would not life after 30, and what he would experience just before dying would be terrible. His bones were going to grow erratically, beginning to pierce their way through pedros body, And it would also be random. It could start with a lung, the heard, an appendix. So, at 16 years old, Pedro is determined to "move forward at all costs" And to "crush all 'Pequenos' like 'batata cozida'". He deeply resents the people around him. He considers other people having it  easier than him, specially people of small stature. He has both the personality, attitude and looks of someone you just dont want to approach. His life is "Moving forward" and "crushing 'Pequenos'". Thats it. "I will move forward. Forward, forward, forward. Until I clean house from all 'Pequenos'. My body will grow  faster and faster and faster. And then, I will explode. I just want to... have people to talk to, beyond the constraining barrier of life and death..."



16 year old male with limb gigantism. Built with a very, very skinny and lanky body. has a very skinny face, very big dark circles under eyes, his eye pallette is inverted and is very, very pale. has very, very long limbs and his ribs are clearly visible.  has smooth, short, dark hair. is very, very pale. The eyes are very big. has a big scar on his left arm.  Wears hastly mended, old fashioned clothes when not competing. 