Name: Peugeot 908 HDI FAP.
Type: (Very hard headed) Racing Automobile. A Car. Thats it.
Age: f(currDate, purchaseDate) = currDate-purchaseDate
Build: This machine was manufactured by the sport division of the french auto brand Peugeot in short batches to compete in the seasons 2008-2009 to 2010-2011 in the
FIA World Endurance Racing Championship. Peugeot had to compete against branchs such as Audi, Porsche and Toyota. The manufacturers that worked on it were very innocent, albeit pragmatic and understanding, always striving to push harder in every race, specially in the 24 Heures du Mans, where they went blow for blow with Audi for the championship's most coveted title of winner in the LMP1 category. They lost and they won, staying true to their craft and a being a honest, yet competitive team. *Side note: Due to their maintaining nature, and their straight forward, methodical nature, combined with streaks of determination mixed with understanding, humility for their craft and respect for other competitors, even in the face of unfair criticism, I type them as ISFJ... back to the car*. The car... is an engineering masterpiece: Monocoque carbon chassis, weighing at 70 kg off a full ton, a typical Le Mans prototype design with an Enormous rear wing, enormous rear diffuser, fenders the third tallest element in the car, the second being the bubbly cockpit containing a single seat and the first being the wing. The car is sleek and heavly oriented towards downforce. In the LMP1 Ruleset, at the time, Neither the wheels, not the suspension could be exposed, there were fuel consuption limits, and the headlights had to be a certain brightness... its a machine made to race, period. Thats the take. I will paint this one with the iconic Total Energie livery, with streaks of blue, white and black, french flags on the two ventilated front fenders, the long nose, the Air tunnels in each side of the car and a prolific spread of air openings and gaps purposefully dug to manage the airflow necessities of the car each race. The interior has a carbon seat, a wheel with alot of buttons and a roll cage. Thats it. But remember! its an endurance car! The confort... if its adequate to use that word, comes from a pillow personally carved and crafted for the bottom of the driver who sits in it at any stint, prepped prior to stint switching. Now... for the part that ACTUALLY matters: The engine is, by definition, made by peugeot. Its... very factually, a HDi, diesel, 5.5L V12, that is twin turbocharged fueld, of course, by Total branded diesel. Its max output is of 530 kW, with a max torque of 1.2kN m. The layout is Mid Engined, rear wheel drive, as is practically expected in this situation (That car from Nissan did not exist). The body is 2m wide, 4.6m long. and 1 meter tall. (No wing). Oh! it has KERS too. it harnesses friction from braking, losses due to traction and even air drag and stores it in a small battery that powers an electric engine, that can be deployed at will. It sounds a low, grubling and unnapolagetically loud, continuous detonation, the drivers struggling to, first think to themselves and also tell what gear they are even on. The car heats up alot, was devised with only the minimal crash protection demanded by FIA WEC regulations. It has a 6 speed DSG transmission. The max speed it ever got was 320 kph before the hairpin in the La Sarthe circuit.
Desc: The car... its... sorta... grumpy. "Fuken AUDIS! BACK IN MY DAY WE ONLY HAD TWO WHEEL DRIVE! FUKEN 4 WHEEL DRIVE SCOUNDRELS!" "I AINT YOUNG ENOUGH FOR THIS!!!!! WHERE IS THE FINISH LINE! I WANNA GO FOR A SMOKE! DRIVER! GO TO THE CAFE!" (The complains somehow audible through the literal explosion generator that is bolted on the back of the driver) "SONNIE? WHO IS THAT LADY OVA THERE? LET ME HAVA A SNIFF!" (A rebellion LMP2 prototype was in front of it) "SONNIE? SONNIE? SONNIE?" Driver: "What is it this time?" "What gear am I on?" Driver: "I dont know... you tell me... the dial on the wheel does not even work..." "Ahhh IM sorry sonnie!" Driver: "BE quiet! theres a chikane!" "But you dont even know the gear" Driver: "I WILL KNOW IF YOU SHUT UP!" "Hey! Dont talk back to your elders! back in my day I was a tank! I was fighting to defeat evil forces! and back in my day...." *Yap session ensues*. "João?" Driver: "My name is Pedro!" "I DONT SPEAK SPANISH! AND DONT TALK BACK TO YOUR ELDERS! I GOT ALOT OF MILLEAGE UNDER THESE WHEELS!" *Stays quiet for no reason* "Back in my day we only raced tractors! We did not have any of this pavement nonsense! We ran across blades of grass and fields full of potholes and used soccerballs heavy like steel and we could smoke in the cockpit! an-" *Yap session ensues once more*  Driver: "Why would a car... learn how to speak? Whats the utility... where the hell are the lungs and V cords?!" "ALL GREAT MEN DRINK DIESEL IN THE MORNING! NONE OF THAT... SOUP or... STEAK or... CEREAL or... UHH... " *Another time while being driven by Ricardo Zonta* "SONNIE?" Driver: "O que é que cê quer, peste?" "WHAT?" *...*  Driver: *braking* *3rd... left... right... start finish... volta cento e coiso...* *Radio:* "Guys what is the delta of the Audi in the 3rd position?" Car: "SONNIE? WHERE DID YOU LEARN ENGLISH?" *Driver realises its an endurance race and decides to act out... keeps downshift gear lever pressed... revs up the engine to max...* "AAHHHH!! SO MUCH NOOOOOISE! LET GRAMPA.... LET GRAMPA THINK!" *Keeps going for another 30 seconds and then resumes normally* Driver: "Im the driver. You are the car. Dont waste my patience."
*The team gets pole position*

Driver: *Radio* *Where am I starting?*
Radio: "Pole. Great lap, Pedro Lamy. Good job. Lets pack it up and rest for the day" *Lamy Interrupts* "WHOOOOOOOO!!!!! HAHA!" Car: "SHUT UP! I NEED A DIAPER CHANGE!" Driver: "Me too! Endurance racing is not the luxury people think it is!"

Peugeot 908 HDi FAP|Diesel 5.5L Twin Turbo V12 HDi|530kW|1.2kNm|6 speed DSG paddle lever transm.|Dims: (H,W,L,Mass)=(1m,2m,5m,1T)|Kinetic Energy Recovery Sys.|Chassis: Carbon fiber Monocoque|Cockpit: Roll cage|1 carbon fiber seat|Pillow has 2 b spec. made 4 driver|Cramped|Obeys 2008-2011 WEC LMP1 Rulz|BIG rear wing & diffuser|Lots of air holz|Michellin tires|Total Energie Livery|Wheel w/ alot O'buttons|Max recorded speed @ race: 205 mph|Sounds like a Semi|Grumpy|Stuck up|Annoys|Whines|"Back n ma day strong boys drank diesel @ d morning! It builds spirit!"|8's Audi, Toyota & Porsche LMP1 protos|Grumping audible w/ motor|"Back n ma day I was a tank fighting evil! So respect your elders! Who're you?". "too much noise :(".

*Author notes*

Lightning strike, mind blowing insight: The car... is nostalgic. because... I am... DEEPLY fond of watching that car race on eurosport back in the day