Re
Type: Mutant Wanderer
Age: 18 (????)
Height: 200cm
Weight: 50kg
Body is skinny, humanoid resemblance, with visible ribs and very noticeable shoulder blades. Heart pulsating is noticeable. Infinite endurance (barely metaphorical).
Eyebags. Cheekbones visible. Black eyes. Messy hair. Dirty,  somewhat... scratched, loose, but not revealing clothing.
Desc: It walks, walks and walks. In an alternate dimension, outside the common world, everything is in shambles, as a nameless, invisible phenomenon made everything into a rubble instantly. 30% of people on earth died immediatly. Mutants, some friendly, some harmful to humans, started appearing out of nowere. This is one of them. It can speak, think and feel, like a human. Some could conclude: "Those 30% of people turned into mutants!" Only 200k have been spotted so far. Its been 3 years. The human population was around 30 Billion and growing at the time. It does not add up. It wanders, and wanders and wanders, getting by with barely any food, that he has lots to choose from, as Wanderers are extremely omnivorous. They walk slowly, as their minimal intake only allows them to do so mutch. They are stoic, reserved, and, although they learn speech the same way we do, and are on par with human culture, they barely speak. Even to eachother. Prefering to make eye contact and mildly growl. But this one has given an interview to a scientist. This is how it went: "Do you have a name?" ".............Re....."
"Have you eaten any humans? Or tasted human flesh?" "No." "Are you curious about it?" "C-...Curious... N- No .... *grrooooaaaaahhh*....." "Were you human before?" "No." "Can you speak japanese? If no, which do you speak?" "Italian, Turkish, Polish, Hindu, English" "Thats alot... and... succinct." "What moves you? Do you have goals?" Re thought for some 10 minutes, while staring at the scientist, not blinking once. Even then thw scientist tried to interrupt, it just did not respond. Then... this is what it had to say : "Buildings, broken glass, ruble, stray dogs, dead bodies, fallen leaves, Butterflies and Fog. This is my life. I travel, and travel and travel. I see. I camp near the hospital to get studied by other humans that do not look like you. I live in this world, outside what other Humans, Wanderers and Mutants alike see, where... the beauty never ends. Where nothing has meaning but everything has worth. I am enough and I deserve, so until otherwise, I go, go and go. With the sun setting over the quiet, still, calm, dark and chaotic city of Paris, I sleep. My wonds dont hurt, no matter how mutch I scratch them. I am hungry but I dont need any food... My body is already big enough to exist, so why grow... This girl... this human took care of me, thinking I needed her. She got attached. Then, due to ignorance, I did not know how to leave smoothly, so I left her. I am still waiting for the day the right words come to my mind to explain to her why I left. We were best friends. She was young. But already big. I never laughed, but she did. And then, unexplainably, I liked humans. My existence is lukewarm, but my spiritual pantry is full of colour. I can survive on mere calories on such a desolate world. Life is beauty and life... is its own meaning."

