name: The white grim reaper (Reika)
Age: 32 (F)
Weight: 60kg
height: 160cm
type: (the purest) Human.
Build: a normal looking girl. pink short hair with pink, small, heart shaped tatoos on cheeks, black, empty fruit fly eyes. No emotion in face. Unnaturally strong. capable of hitting 128 kph in a road bycicle in 30kph head wind on a flat road. Was enhanced to at up to 65 kph for a quick sprint. She is Not agro. Thin body. more or less small breasts. overall looks like a teenager.
Desc: Reika is a psychopath. She scores very highly on those tests. very very low narcissism. Reika is like a coal block that is 97% rock and 3% organic. She is ungodly smart, with an IQ of 169, but her psychopathy makes her surprisingly preditible... although... her psychopathy also makes her explode if those 3% reach a critical state. She has killed (claimed to kill) over 250k people. (ok im sorry im sticking to like 200... 250k is absurd. ok she killed 200 people case closed). Anyway... cut the shock value. lets start with nuance. She was raised in a lab to be a killing machine. She was born psychopathic and then taken to a lab where her 'caretakers' molded her to be more psychopathic. She has no purpose, no drive, no intuition, no values, while idle only feels a vague anger mixed with a twisted faint motivation for adrenaline and does not really like to move her facial muscles. She has heightened senses, sharp wit and no fear. But feels pain. gets very protective of the specific people she chooses to attach herself to. Her life is one of purity. Because... the universe is apathic, humans are the universe. psychopaths are apathic, therefore psychopaths are the most and purest humans. She finds horror, homicide movies amusing and ridiculous at how innacurate and cartoonish they are... no blame for anyone though... as when she explodes... no one in their right mind should care, as those who get close enough to understand her normally get their cheeks clapped too late to report back to other civilised humans. they are the black. The black that never got to see the light. She feels a very, very, very faint melancholy every night... one of feeling like her existence is a puluted, disgusting, worn down, dusty, colored, mushy and muddy river, full of disease and staleness, with sprinkles of adrenaline, jealousy and the terror of being born sprinkled on top. She is an insect. I personally claim that... whatever way you see it... her victims do not get killed by her, they die of 'an' her. She is a natural phenomenon that is impersonal and with laser focus on immediate desires and whims. She cares about foot, s**, thrill, out positioning authorities and domination. She is a cavewoman with pretty clothes and a haircut. Her personality is damaged and will never ever get fixed. A moth, a blood sucking, dust filled moth, that simply flies, sucks blood around it to survive. a food storage tube. A myeloma. A... parasitic, unpreditible, human shaped death blob. She does even feel how trully in pain she is. Anyways.... She was found by Beatriz, that ive described countless times and aint got time in my day to do it again, tested her. After the main cast got one of their members to reach 105 kph on a bycicle, the cold war began. Beatriz started to bait Reika with enhancers to make her more powerful.... heroin... (yes. heroin. beatriz is 14 btw ok? 14...) and the prospect of seeing her husband again. She does what she is told and is currently being worked on by specialized psychiatrists and therapists to be tamed for more efficient order following from Beatriz's demands. She was pushed so far they made her sweat brown. Yes. sweat brown. You know brown pissing? She brown sweated! Her body became so hot the blood physically started to evaporate through the pores, mixing up with lymph, normal sweat and a bit of skin and comming out as a goey, dried out, brown liquid. In that session, she was made to hit 140kph with a bycicle. She was manipulated by being threatened with her husband being killed, that she... unexplainably cares about alot. Her fastest on her limit run was 128 kph. A formidabble adversary for the main cast who just started to get their stuff together now faced with a juiced up psychopath, alongside Pedro, Beatriz's first test subject, that is willing to sweat brown to get what she wants.
"Like... do you consider yourself a killer by design? or... dont you just feel so damn empty you just wanna do the most thrilling thing your hands have the capacity for at any moment?" "I am what I am. I am the product of my upbringing and my genetics. I am designed to kill. But... it's not that simple."
Her mbti personality type is unclassifiable. because she has very little emotional reaction, she struggles with memory, focus and paying attention during socializing. her predictibility is a false security. As when her brain rolls that decimal percentage of an emotion happening... everyone should lose their s***... Beatriz makes sure to keep her sedated when not 'in use'
Reika is like a Rated R version of Violet Evergarden. Enjoys 'Active rotting' through 'Embracing unexplored sides of the human condition'. A comment from a victim before Reika murdered him: "One needs to be very stubburn, determined and open minded and extremely lucky to understand you... no wonder people see you as just some sort of boogey man... includes me too"

Notes from the author:

This is what a psychopath is like. Just... this background staleness in their soul, the feeling that nothing is important... like... genuenly unnimportant and that, even though no one cares, she doesnt bother back...


Like... their sad people! Tragic, even...


But just... feel what I am saying! The mosca eyes... they have no fear, no happyness, no embarassment, no body insecurities, no personality insecurities, just primal fears... all they feel is desire and excitement. Their... dolls! They are... objects! No fondness, no hope... no regrets... no fulfillment... nothing in the background... immune to music... immune to cuddles... immune to teasing... immune to guilt... immune to... feeling like a part of humanity.

They are... broken. And... so broken that... if this becomes wildly understood... legless people will... know their place


No. What I mean... is... psychopaths will, obviously be punished. This is a society and nothing after that matters, they will obviously be shot on sight if they become problematic. But... just... keeping present the... sheer depth of their... tragic nature... will help people... at least... see them differently. thats it.

psychopaths... are... maybe very scary in the moment... but... so... indescribably... complex and... melancholy inducing too

Btw... I am describing what the concept of psychopathy in its purest form entails. Even that can be tragic.


Do you know what she feels like? She does not feel like hell. She feels like... Chernobyl.

Just... staleness, apathy, cold, indifference, a lingering feeling in your soul that you dont belong... literally anywhere in the universe...