Sofia: 
Type: Human
Age: 20 years (F)
Height: 160 cm
Weight: 60kg
Built like a compact tank. Very strong, althought without very visible muscles. 
Desc: She was the catalyst for the race with Duarte and Joana against Adriano and friends. Her family's running theme when it comes to personality is arrogance, disdain, Narcissism, ignorance, expectation. She is a difficult person to love and hang around if you dont have her trust. Her parents made her take up multiple sports and taught her to always look down on those "inferior". This, combined with her academic prowess, which made her a constant destination of praise and special treatment from her teachers and the adults around her. She was allways "special" and "perfect" from the very start, never being trully cared for or seen for her individuality, but for the various   useful jobs she had potential for. To say that she was lonely would be to be naive of her situation. She had 2 friends. 2. Joana and Duarte. Duarte was kind of a jock. Joana was seen as the typical perfect, reputation first, good grades having, class rep, kind of student. And they were also target of discrimination. The peers of this trio wanted to see them as the emperors. But they were more detached from the pack than any other group in school. Let me just say this: You dont have the right to outcast anyone out of spite no matter how bad you may feel about yourself. Its infantile and also destructive. But, fortunately, Joana and Duarte were all that Sofia ever needed for connection. But her upbringing made her judgemental, cold, disrespectful and spiteful. Where she proved herself, was in PE and emergency situations. She forgets everything and instantly becomes a cog in the machine, instantly filled with a desire to be, although competitive, also useful, nurturing and stimulated. From the unhealthy obcession her parents had of making her a star, she eventually learned some cool shit. Im kidding she is a genius. Cycling, MMA, snooker, Ping pong, Chess.. She s done it, seen it, worshiped it. She does not trully care about winning, as it would cut her true social life quite short. She pushes her oponents to their limits and makes them grow. Also her teamates. "Ok, if I cant have friends outside of sports, maybe I can have them INSIDE!" But when out of competition, she has no willpower, having enough depression to need being physically taken out of bed. Her parents know this, but they dont care. Duarte and Joana yearn for the day justice will trully be brought to Sofia's life. A moment during the cycling race: "Joana: Queres saber porque é que a Sofia que foi a vossa casa e a  Sofia que vês à tua frente são tão diferentes, Filipa? Ela é overachiever. Ela quer competir com todos no seu melhor estado e isso inclui ser genuinamente solidária, positiva e inspiradora com todos à sua volta, e quer fazer tudo o que é possivel para não se esquecer das alturas em que pôde fazer desporto. É assim que comunica. Mas é obcecada por performance. E, por causa disso, dá tudo o que tem quando mais importa, impressionando e nutrindo todos à sua volta, alimentada por um espírito competitivo incansável. Mas quando acaba, o silêncio mata-a. Quando não está a treinar, come, lava-se e cuida-se a esforço. Tudo envolve fricção quando não envolve competição. Sente-se vazia e confusa, e descarrega isso noutras pessoas. E o mais triste é que, desde que foi condicionada pelos seus pais a ter este nivel de fome, ninguém mais a reconheceu. E as pessoas que a conhecem agora não sabem quem ela realmente é. Nem os pais, nem os amigos, nem ela, tu ou eu. Os professores dela, com os quais ela muitas vezes desenvolve relações parassociais, descrevem-na apenas como "aluna exemplar", "uma máquina", "Genial", "Muito à frente", como se descrevessem uma peça de tecnologia chique, nada mais que um autómato. O mundo enoja-me às vezes, sabes?"
