Name: Synthia.
Type: Human.
Age: 45 (F).
Height: 190cm
weight: 70kg
Build: Synthia is built basically like a very panicky, very lanky, very shy, very tall, newbie sub teacher. She wears colorful inca 'ponchos', brown leather pants, either that or conventional in texture and wide jeans. She has grey eyes, a small nose, no earings or any jewelry (It will make her bleed to death). Her face is always very shiny from the sweat. her voice is very cracky and faint. She always looks shakey or worried about something. But dont worry... even if she looks jumpy or scared all the time, thats her nervous system trying to wind out for reasons to be explained in the desc. Anyway... her lips are faintly colored, her hair is curly and often really messy and damaged. Her sense of smell is comparable to   a canines'. Her body constitution is quite average: the normal bellyness from being middle aged, the flaily skin on the arms. She likes wiry bracelets. She has a wedding ring.
Desc: Sweaty and dready look in face all the time, very meek, very isolated and sensitive. She is Tomas's mother and suffers from sever GAD. One day, at a trail, Tomas, her and her husband were riding their bycicles through a wild area, to comemorate another victory from Tomas as an aspiring Professional Cyclist, with lots of obstacles. When traversing a river over a fallen tree trunk, Tomas went first, succeeding. Then, his mother was next. She was riding nicely but her wheels were slightly misaligned and she lost her balanced. She fell on the river, hitting her head on the muddy dried river. Although it is a river, the coalesced rock was still quite blunt and hard, so she got seriously injured. Then, she went to a hospital. She had suffered severe damage to her hormonal system, particularly her amygdala, inside the skull, and to her nervous system. During the next few days in the hospital, she would display very odd behaviours: She would scream and threaten to call the police on visits, or even hit them, seemingly for no reason, Random lights and buzzing would make her scream her lungs out and burst out crying, she started having terrible nightmares about how the world itself is unsafe and a hole will open up at any moment and swallow her and Tomas and her Husband whole. She would treat any experience as a reason why she should already have been killed, she refuses to see things positively and overall has an almost permanent jumpy and dreadingly worried look on her face at all times. She is like a heavy on the feels version of Kobeni. As his dad worked as a trucker, Tomas, then, started taking care of her, as she had developed Chronic Crippling GAD due to the trauma,  agravated by her damaged nervous system on top. All sorts of things triggered her: Sounds, smells, colors, words... even moods! Different winds speeds, different pressures... It was all a mess. But tomas is working on figuring out her different triggers and helping her navigate lifes challenges with more confidence, which she has at her core, evident by her ocasional outbursts of outgoing and big talk related banter. Her biggest strength is this: She, for some reason, became EXTREEEEEEEEMELY talented at cooking. She asks you a few questions, as long as you dont trigger her accidentally, She will then rush to the kitchen, very solemnly, after saluting the 'client', ready to 'blow their minds'. Tomas has thought of opening up a 'personalized dish making' restaurant, that is basically... ok: If group therapy is restaurants, her thing would be conventional therapy. Thats the idea. And For a while, it did quite well, her clients loved her and respected her alot, she dedicated herself to her craft very deeply and respected her clients back. She is very perfectionistic and will beat herself up alot if she does not meet expectations. Its not due to lack of self esteem, her neuroticism is triggered mainly by information, not shame or whatever. And for days too. She has essentially the same level of self esteem health as other people, but she is VERY SWEATY about her cooking dude! She managed to make Filipa THANK HER for a dish! Filipa! F***ing FILIPA BRO!
And Filipa is like the biggest tsundere in my universe! Synthia is a dedicated cook, a wounderful mother, a... by the worst way possible, a wounded healer, a child and Everyone who meets her ends up falling for her. You show her a landscape with too much orange: "KYYYAAHHHHHH!!!! OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG! DIE! ITS HELL! ITS IN MY BONES! GET IT AWAY FROM ME NOW!!!!!"
She outdoes you in a cooking contest: "*scoffs* hah! Get on my level! *Crosses one arm at chest level and points at you with an assertive pose*" She loathes being disturbed while "Dominating" a client and will throw often... very harsh insults. But not... screaming or anything... she just hates being disturbed thats all. "Tomas, go away. Mother has useful mother stuff to do. Did you do your homework yet? or are you working on "Mastering your emotions" again? If you are, then go away because dinner is still an hour away." Will cry in her sons arms if she messes up and not leave her room for an entire day, disgusted at herself. A sensible soul with a big ego.
Like... she just hates when the mood is too "rising sun"ish, because it triggers her GAD... but she is a very confident person.
Like... shes a very cool person if you dont step on any mines...
She is like... a cooking version of zlatan ibrahimovich with hormonal and neurological damage. her grind is cooking and her biggest fear is light levels too close to pitch black.
