Name: Tiago
Type: Human.
Age: 18 (M)
Height: 176cm
Weight: 72kg
Build: Bro is built... well... like a... rather athletic highschool student. You know... a rather solid set of abs, rather lanky, yet built arms, a defined jawline, overall capable physically. he has brown eyes, black, short hair, normal nose, normal lips, normal, normal, normal. He has two dot earrings. A lion tattoo on one arm. he has a moustache that he has to constantly shave off because its itchy and it bothers him a bit. He is currently the fastest boy in the history of his school to complete a 4k run. A overall student, he is behind Filipa, who attends the same school. Has a deep voice.
Desc: This guy is your average joe in terms of view on life. A bit of a troublemaker, although studious and clever. Just a year ago, he was a troublemaker and then some, constantly teasing teachers and getting beaten by his dad. Eventually learned by himself that the concept of respect should be universal and not just applied for a select few. "All people work. We are not better than them.  Did shit I wasnt suposed to... but now I dont... its life... Just gotta learn.". He plays for the same Team that Mafalda manages, as a central midfielder. Has good tecnique, top tier passing, He is very quick. When the team plans to counter attack with full force, the ball is passed to Marcio who long balls it either to tomoko or Tiago. If Tomoko gets it, the mid field is solidified first... the game then spins around Tomokos control, who is also known as "The tree strategy". If the ball goes to Tiago, The two wingers, Jena and silvia, Quickly move up to catch up to Tiagos immediate and innevitable passes, which are very agressively executed. Jena and Silvia almost always catch up to them... but just barely. There was one time he passed the ball, and Jena barely caught up to it, when she was JUST INCHES from the final line and tucked inside the corner spot. They were down 1 goal. It was 30 seconds until the final whistle... they lost that game. He felt rather angry at himself after... feeling that he did everything right but that it was not enough. Tiago enjoys talking the the nerds, the emos and the trouble makers. He enjoys discussing technical things about the human body with nerds, likes to motivate the emos and to vibe with the trouble makers. A bit of a weirdo, asks the most random questions in class. Outside of school, he has a rather stern and somewhat judgy father, who is also somewhat demanding and likes to tease his son. Then... a bit of a doormatish mother. Enjoys playing sports in courts during summer break, watching movies and going to the beach. In 8th grade, Tiago used to skip class, busting lockers open with punches when skipping class, also bullying the nerds who got to bail out of class due to their good grades. Tiago is working on becoming less intimidating and starts nervously laughing when people he is trying to approach for the first time dont really feel confortable... leading to even more awkwardness. Likes to play fifa and to imitate tricks he sees on there, practicing with one wall of his house in his backyard. Wants to get Johana's first touch. Mafalda, also just like Johana, apreciates him for his normal vibe, helping to calm the lockeroom down. In Mafalda's words: "Tiago is the water. Tomoko is the tree. Johana is the earth".

"In this dreaded heat wave day of summer, I go out to the streets, catch a bus, head to the beach. I find myself then in a village near the coast, looking for courts and friends to make. I then find a court and get to kicking, with the trusty football that keeps me company. Not like vincent company. That guy sucks... I then shoot, and shoot and shoot. Then... I get bored. I freestyle for a bit... to the sounds of a song: A song about the overall meaninglessness of stress, the complications people claim to rule their lives, of the beauty of pragmatism and practicality, and of logic and compassion. In this summer heatwave day, I attempt to cool it down and freshen it, with the salty waters of the portuguese coast. Either wild or tame, the sea talks to me. As I free style, the brazilian beats of São Paulo and Portuguese Rap swirl in my mind, calming me. I then project the calmness, opening up to people, non verbally, to join me in a game... that, contrary to Mafalda's sweaty 5th tier club, is filled with tomfoolery, banter and the deep realization that... life is easy... humans made it complicated."