Check this out: "So basically, it was friday. About 9pm and I decided: Im going to order a beyblade. I decided it was gonna be, either a Big Bang Pegasus or a flame libra. Or a ray striker (I love Masamune :P). I decided with a Ray striker because everyone hates the character but I absolutely love the character! It arrived Monday! I am in a college residence and all packages have to pass by the reception. They are all slimy no life petty sad shallow retards who say hello to you every morning with a pretty face but dont talk to you about anything that you are doing wrong directly and just mock you behind your back! Anyway... I spent all weekend thinking about it! I did my studying, my shopping, my reading, my writting, my running... my bed rotting, my ruminating, my boredom catastrophising all while looking forward to when I would become 11 years old all ovet again. When the package arrived, I was not home. I came back home excited and feeling at home like never before. At the time, I felt very lonely, but I knew that when I had that spining top in my hands, I was going to become trully alone. The best kind of alone possible. I get to the receptionist. I act my cheerful self and ask for my key not planning to do much small talk, but suddently one of the slimier ones... they... shake it slightly, they try to rip a bit of the wrapping off and take a peek, right in front of me. They ... analyze it (I guess that was what they were doing...) and then ask, with the most accusatory body language and tone someone can blast you with in a single burst: "Hummmmm... whats in this package, young man?". I politely reply: "Its none of your business!". They then insist and are like: "We are responsible for this residence and you should obey! Act your age! What is it?" I was starting to get slightly absolutely livid, but I somehow found it easy to keep my composure because I knew exactly how to reply: "Its a toy! And its mine! Now give it back! A boys gotta play! Shish... god forbid men do ANYTHING!" I took it from them and said: "Have a good day!" And left to my room. When I got there, I put my stuff in its place, got some scissors, and unpacked my beyblade. I did not even know where I could use the damn thing... All the floor in this building was either very small tiles of marble or wood full of splinters. But I simply could not care less. I kept unpacking it, and then there was the cardboard and the transparent plastic. It came with a launcher, that weird tool used to assemble and disassemble. The launcher was baby blue and when I saw that green energy ring, I felt alone like never before. Greatness? Glory? Women? Attention? Praise? What? I decided to dedicate my following two hours of studying to my ray striker, the most Based beyblade, from the most based man and trully the main character of all of beyblade, Masamune Kadoya. I eventually got hungry. I remembered I had pizza in the freezer on the first floor, so I decided to then pack up my beyblade (not my phone. My beyblade! Because phones are just like toys, except they rot your brain. I should really ditch my current one and get a flip phone... Anyway I digress), my utensils and forks and my other eating tools (why "eating tools"? because fuck vocabulary and fuck the english language. Speaking english well is honestly kinda boring if you ask me. Its not my even my main language anyway. Its not my responsibility. Why should I care? I should CONSCIOUSLY speak english with an accent from now on. I even do it sometimes when talking to newly met strangers, and it feels... almost rejuvenating. And like people say in my country: "Let them suck my left one, because my right one is busy!") And then climb all the way to the third floor kitchen. So I arrive at the kitchen and put my soup in the microwave. I want you to guess who was in that kichen. I will give you one minute to think very hard about it. It was... Neenee!!!!!!!!!! So anyway she also was with her boyfriend and they were talking about... idk..
 politics and science and traditions and parental expectations and all that shit I gave like no cares about. Anyway I wasnt just waiting for my soup! I took the... device from my bag, I find a place far from scratchable things. In my mind: "3...2...1... LET IT RIP!" So I let it rip on my baby blue ripcord launcher and then... just stared at... it, crouching with my back away from the other two people previously mentioned. It spun so fast, It was kinda noisy, It was small, it was colorful. I felt... sooooooooooooooooo alone. My god I just felt like sleeping. I also chose the third floor because, although there are some pretty anoying and cringe girls in here (I mean... ALL girls are pretty cringe and anoying. I mean to be fair that also goes with men... In retrospective people usually are pretty insufferable, specially nowdays... Anyway), All that uptightness has some practical benefits for me because the kitchen ia allways pretty clean, which means no overbearing smells or crums everywhere, and... no gunk on the lines between the tiles on the marble floor! Then... it stopped spinning. So I let it rip again! (In a nuanced and intelectually mature kinda way ofc :P) and then... my soup was done. So I just picked it up and my soup and went to the table I "landed on" to eat.  And then... that annoying... LIFO data strucure, that borderline SCANIA cab, that absolute biblically incorrect angel Neenee, as I munch on my soup (which was kinda bad ngl... It was from lidl, it was processed, it was 2.78 euros for 400 ml and when I burped it, it felt like soda for some reason.), Slams her hands on the table and looks at me with her signature move: "Tsundere cringe alt bully dead face". I looked at her boyfriend and told him like: "Hey! keep her away from me! She almost made me almost spill my soup!" Her boy-boy then comforted her and she was like: "Im so sorry sweetie!!! Life gets so overwhelming sometimes and.... and... *tears on her face* I just... dont know how much more of this i could possibly take! Its like nobody in this universe gets me! But you are special! Lets talk about communism ok?" I then finish my soup. I then unpack the pizza and put it in the microwave. 6 whole minutes to have fun!!!! So I let it rip AGAIN!!!!!!!! I then hear Neenee absolutely going on a TEAR on her best performance talent ever: "Bawling her beautiful green eyes out and screeching." She allways says everytime someone talks about religion : "Hehe! When I die I will go to hell! Im too much of a rebel for these robots of the machine to contain me! Screw this christian catholic pedo priest bullshit!!!!" I then say to myself when I hear it: "Back to origins, I guess...". Man... but this alone feeling... When I look at the red performace tip, the fusion wheel with the 3 blades and the energy ring... I feel... alone. Safe. Then it stops spinning. So I let it rip, again. Neenee then gets of her chair and goes up to the corner I was crouching on from earlier and says this on my left ear: "Anal?" Like a normal person I ask: "What?" She then says: "YOU WISH!" Her boyfriend then started absolutely ROFLing hysterically. She then walks back to her boyfriend and high fives him, taking another sip from the wine she was drinking. I just stay in the corner. Then, when my pizza is done, I wait for my blade to stop, take the pizza out, eat it, taking breaks between each slice to CSGO inspect my ray striker (looks beautiful with the crappy, nausea causing flourescent lighting from the kitchen). Everytime I look at its energy ring and... its face bolt, I feel...my most lonesome, my most... nurtured. My most... real self. I then pack everything up, and before I leave, I say: "Goodnight, Neenee"."