If a giant cannon is staring at your face from a mile away and it shoots, First, you will hear a loud *BANG*. Then, if you wait a second or two, you will get decimated. Absurd, right? Whats more absurd is these thoughts. They swirl, swirl and swirl around and inside my mind. Every tenth of second, new thoughts come up. They repeat in a regular cycle and reach no conclusion. Every minute I am bombarded in volleys, in swarms. Like a lightning storm. At night, its like fireworks. They flash, flash, flash, flash, flash ,flash. Left, right, center, up, down, north east, south west, south east east. Some far, some close. They appear and disappear. I cant decypher them. Elusive like a cloud of  colorless, odorless, tasteless, harmless gas cloud that is dense, thick, makes you breathe slowly when surrounded by it and occupies useful productive emotional space when outside of it. A hazy blob that when touched does not react, complain, joke, praise, judge, tell, hug, punch or even acknowledge. It just swirls everywhere, making one feel like a swarm of old, immortal fireflies flies across the psyche inside of them and  sheds light on the dead wood. All one does is see and recall. It was previously made from blood but detached from ones soul since. Like a satelite planet of the soul. Hazyness, some insecurity. Thats all its made of. And it swirls, swirls and swirls. No melancholy. Just feels like it touches the insides of the cranium sometimes. I isolated it in the naughty corner for it to learn its lesson of not being useful. It does not look pretty or is practical, so its caged up like a criminal, because It commited infliction of bad self esteem and reputation. I allocate my every joule of stored chemical energy to keep it contained inside an authoritarian force field made of willpower and ego. Everyday it grows larger as I experience more and more embarassment. With the ocasional... spontaneous combustion. It may not be toxic, but reacts when very dense. The cloud reflects all my absurd tedencies and the absurd habit of containing them. Stupid thoughts are for stupid people, which I am not and never was. I go up to people, proving them this is not what I am and that I am better. But no one sees me. And no one even cares. They say: "Just get rid of those thoughts and dont bother us anymore. We get it already! Just stop having them and you will be cured! We are tired of you!". "I tried it... a lot" I say... "Thats why I am so like this. So... sorry, ok?". Its Like they never experienced it before. It feels bizarre, derealizing, isolating. In my domain expansion, I become invisible to passerby's. I struggle, prove myself strong and behave irreverantly. People just get confused and tired, though. Makes me question... if my problems are real. If my emotions are real. If anyone relates or If I am the only weak one. And Then I begin asking myself: Why does weakness matter? why does weakness mattering matter? why does weakness mattering mattering matter? Has anything that makes me up ever mattered? Do other people matter? what matters? As I dissociate more and more from my soul, I ever more frequently find myself in a strange dimension. There, I am naked, cold with chicken skin, feeling dysphoric and paranoid. Around me is a background painted with a strange green, purple and red spiral. Very pixelated. Feels like a bad CS 1.6 map. A eerly badly designed and processed 3d cubic world. I can see its edges, clearly. There is one single traditional looking lightbulb that makes everything visible. Feels like a weird amusement park attraction. And know Where it suposedly starts or ends. But my movement keys are unbound. And dont know where the menu is. Floating around me are spent pill cases, syringes and glass bottles. I feel sick and nauseous, although I catch glimpses of pleasent warmth here and there, which fill me up with fever,  I know I am moving now though.... but... to where... exactly? Its all a static meditative dimension, where I dont exactly feel comfy, but where I can think easly and feel at home like nowhere else. Its my domain expansion of dysphoric moments. A test bomb site of confusion. I call it "The absurdity pit"