Make me suffer

I wish I was drenched in agony



I wish I was really sick for like 3 days (nothing deadly... a really horrible flu will do) and that someone really empathetic and validating was taking care of me and that I had the sense of self worth to not feel guilty about being sick. I would have a maternal figure, I would be too tired to game or be on my phone or game, so healthy rest and boredom and I would be able to feel like I actually have enough adversity in my life to deserve respect from others. Productivity can, as they say in my country, suck my right one, because the left one is busy, I push hard, they want more, I push harder, They want more. When I push hardest and then relapse into a videogame addiction, they start complaining.


Oh and the videogame Trackmania United Forever is the second best thing in life behind cuddles and empathy and hugs. (I want
boxers decorated with author medals)

They always feel scary and overwhelming at first. Then I lose one time. Then I am annoyed. Then I lose more times. I get focused. Then I lose alot. I get frustrated. I spend whole days at it. I get desperate. But I never. Never loose hope.

And when I get through it, God himself feeds me a random chinese fortune cookie. It tastes like immense pleasure. And It tells me one random yet very penetrating fact about either me or the world

Corrected: I wanna stay in that cycle always forever and ever. Because when innactive, the Psychological Futility drains me like a thousand leeches. Now what to do with the wisdom? Change? The hell do I know? I already have what I need. I can go get it right now. I already got my daily dose. My daily dose of adversity. In 3 days, 4 years after I stopped gaming, From a brand new tm nations campaign, I got author medal in all but 4/5 tracks from white to blue (closed set)

Hello! Do you know TM United? I got a top 50 in a trackmania replay sharing forum in the track IslandE! The replay I uploaded was a 1:55:96

No wait: Its not 1:55:96. Its 1:55.96

People can host entire sport venues inside machines not much bigger than a human body

And its not all! Because  the space necessary for the necessary machinery that contains all matches of a competitive videogame that can be played at any given time fits inside something with the size of a medium sized appartment! (A menos das paredes divisoes desse apartamento, claro)

I dont even know.... people never gamed so much and we can just build another shed if the population doubles... amazing


I dont know... I love track mania so much I want to buy an ariel atom. And then youre like: "bUt ItS sUcH aN iMprAcTiCaL aND uSeLEsS ToY! BuY a ChEaP lAmBo! OR a CorVetTe with tHAt MonEy!" Ok... for the corvete... fair enough. But a lambo is just as much of a toy as an ariel atom. Nah... forget it. It would require too much driving skill... Its a toy. But its also a very dangerous car

We definitely dont lack scale in gaming nowdays


I never had any risky hobbies to be honest...

I love trackMania. The
Creativity, ease of modding, pure focus on player skill, low spec requirement, great graphics for the pc power it requires, unique car/map/menu design, an olympic vibe I really like, the environments... Its just an universe class game to be honest I dont feel like there is anything else like it. I was a pure boy and I am a pure man. And trackmania is a very pure game. Its a very good game. Maybe even....my game.


Im gonna upload a track tomorrow. Thats the most immediate and certain thing I can think about right now to extend my joy and rejoice over my passion for TrackMania United



Oh man... and one of the stadium Trackmania music tracks ends with a shower of claps as a sound effect. Its also
instrumental. It sounds
professional yet passionate. Recalling those claps... feels like getting melted from a mile away by a nano scale star while laying on the floor on my bedroom next to and after having sex with my girlfriend after we both went to the gym. I fuck(ing love) this game


I figured out why I am so smart. I retain patterns, facts, information, habits, skills, etc.With a very high product between depth and statistical abundancy for those high levels of depth. At the same time, my learning is very passive, pacific, deep, calm and enjoyed. I am struggling with college because of this. Having to bring myself to care kills it for me. Plus, I am not a competitive learner because, although I generally like to compete, competitions usually involve, well, speed. Consistent practice and the confidence it induces in me are 50% of my learning process and this forms a logical AND with paying LOTS of VERY DEEPLY concentrated attention and engagement in lectures. I dont absorb quickly. I ask maybe too many questions, even for my sake. But I do remember. Always. Not the first to arrive. Not the first to pay attention or notice. But allways the last to forget. Always the last to leave. This is how I thrive.

Yeah! I feel people often feel inferior around me due to how deeply I understand what I know. Now I know what to tell them: "Maybe... I... need... to understand things deeply"


Because people dont... inherently need to understand things deeply to suceed... its not a law of nature let alone human nature. But, I do. Its my style