I envy those who can be relatable... those who can be angry without coming off as emo. I envy those who can work their issues without throwing tantrums... without looking like fools. I envy stability and consistent emotions. I envy being able to care and dedicate. But I jump from moment to moment... like on a rollercoaster. How the hell do I even get good grades? It... should be impossible. The lack of sleep, that preceeds awkward or even agressive moments haunts me. The instability, the talented adventures, the dozens of toys I craft for fun... with no utility for anyone other than me. Confusion haunts me... why... my identity... being an ENTP... having ADD... Aspergers. Being a male. being socially withdrawn. What does it all mean? Having inferior Si? ADD? Too care free? Am I over reacting... when... I dont even know what is 'over'? What is stress? being too unconfortable? or does it have to be stuff... like being inside a fire. Confusion... the thoughts mismatching, the attempts at making sense of everything... thats is my life... that is what I am. I am not an ENTP, I do not have ADD, psychology does not define me. I am confusion. I am a confused man. A man that giggles at adversity. A man that squints eyes at darkness. I am... Homo Bewilderus

I am Homobewilderus. My fellow Men all are Homo Bewilderusses. No one is Sapiens. No one should be brave enough to say that.

Why are we Homo Sapiens? What do we know to be called 'Sapiens'? I know it has nothing to do with class... but I think the modern man should be called, not the knowing man... but the confused man. I dont know what the correct latin term would be for that... but, so far, what Ive been calling it is "Homo Bewilderus". Is that smart?

A name... I said it! Homo Bewilderus? No?

I say... we start praising the man who squits his eyes, not the one who smirks confidently!

*Teacher prompts class to participate... no one responds... bizarre! no one interacts! No one... cares...*

*I leave class... after packing up... feeling rather disappointed that no one participated**Sigh... one more day stuck feeling superior... fighting my urge to stagnate...*

*I then decide to go have lunch, ordering the fish dish*

*I havent had fish in so long! Omg... Im so tired of meat! Eating meat every day makes me feel groggy and bloaty...*

"Homo bewilderus"...Its... just one more label... one more label, like ENTP, ADD, like ASD... with an expiration date... until I outgrow it.

The modern muses of Men... they are not confident or strong women... or vulnerable and emotional women... or dangerous and chaotic women... its the confused women... the inquisitive women... Like Osaka from Azumanga Daioh, like Chiou Chan from the same show, Shinji from NGE, like the legendary Lain. like Madoi the Maid, the maidcore artist mascot, even like... me. They are literally me fr. And so are you literally like them Fr. The modern Man does not need certainty. The modern Man does not need stimulation or certainty. The modern man needs breathing room... for confusion. Because no one is confident. Because I am not confident. I am not certain. All I do all day is dwell in the vague soup of consciousness... not in real life. None of my thoughts are easly articulable or make perfect sense. No one's thoughts do. The ever expanding butterfly effects that define the universe dont stop destroying every sense of intellectual security we hold so dear. No one lives in real life. All we have is doubt. So... one should ground oneself in it. Do that and you shall be happy forever... like the bubbly popular girl stereotype embodying women...
who ask questions without pretentiousness. Like artists who casually look at scientific papers and think: "But... what if they measured it... tomorrow? Or... on a train? Or... inside a washing machine?"

Because Men are getting too attached to labels and measurements that always end up being temporary. Educators are neglecting the importance of articulating to their students that they should see learning as iterative, like art. learning is art. Nothing is exact in the realm of knowledge. People just pretend it is. Of course... classical logic is a closed circuit. But... as we get more elaborate... and certainly tons of things cannot be discerned with classical logic alone, everything just gets more confusing, everything gets more unpredictable. If mankind keeps looking for more straight answers, but at the same time seeks constant improvements in sophistication, we will lose the ability to be creative. We will start creating imposing, cold, distant... redundant structures. We will stagnate. We will become groggy and jaded. All mankind needs... is uncertainty.

Total overhaul? Nah...


Thats too harsh. Im being very einstein here. You know... like the guy who just yaps theories but rarely steps in a lab? its like that. I know its pretentious... but... I think, if not a potent philosophy for life, I think its, at least, something that reflects a deep wish in us: The wish to let go of forceful stability

professional setting? More brainstorming sessions... More pondered hiring. Relationships? I can give an example that is both personal and universal: I recently had what I called a "pseudo relationship". We did not kiss, or cuddle. We enjoyed eachothers company very much... we walked and talked around university with lots of passion for eachothers perspectives. But... it was not a conventional relationship. We were at complete odds: She enjoyed history. I enjoyed Computer science. yet... I was artsier than her. More spontaneous than her. She was much more rigorous and logical than me. And being willing to be more confused would benefit me and her more, as we started getting uneasy around people who could not understand what we even meant to eachother... and it seeped into us. "Couple? Friends? Platonic? But... we are closer to friends! What is a platonic relationship? Where can one start cuddling? Where can one touch?" If we were more explorative than conclusive, we could have explored this dynamic in a much more apreciative manner... And then... we both parted ways because, I, Specifically, could not handle the constant, albeit natural shifts in her mood... I cannot accept that one day people are happy and another people are sad... I am too conclusive. And I would bet a kidney that many intellectually inclined people like me have a very similar struggle. It can be a useful way for them to engage with life. With curiosity. Not control


Id say dont radicalize it, but... we need way more embracing of confusion than we have now


Im just gonna let this stir... its still a proto star


Here is how I visualize the system one must immerse themselves in when engaging, embracing and living and breathing their confusion:

An exploration of the concept of "confusion"

Imagine a very weird world where there is a force...  with a vector definable by two arbitrary points, Infinitely far appart, that never changes its 'sentido' (I say it in portuguese because, if I said 'changes its way', that makes the vector sound morally conflicted, which is funny, but weird) but changes its magnitude. The user always sits between them. Always. The user can only move in parallel to this vector. And is always subjected to it. As the user exerts work againt the force, the latter grows in intensity, pushing back, porportionally to how fast the user is moving AND the users mass (usermass * (-velocity)), like an air drag force. The farther the user is from 'down', the more aerodynamic the user has to become, the faster he can go, and more the ground they can cover. The user can take breaks, to preserve mental willpower, but they cant get lazy, or they will be less willing to push forward. This drag force is complexity. The secret machinery that powers the user? This draining, willpower consuming engine they have to rely on? Its inquisitiveness. Each time the user realizes a theoretical objective they have been chasing, they must rejoice in it! They will become more confident AND also receive... extra confusion. (confusion is the intellectual fuel stored in the vessel called 'confidence', the fuel tank of inquisitiveness. The more someone is confident, the sturdier and/or larger the confusion vessel is... its a product of the two) But this will make them heavier... and the force is porportional to the users mass... so they MUST use their 'sense of identity'-induced confusion... the confusion that makes one hungrier to push forward... even if it makes it harder. And the user must get....pun intended... sharper (tune up the engine using the challenges they overcame) to push more swiftly through the complexity drag force!

*Chat GPT contribution* (I agree so Its property of me and GPT)

"In this journey, rest is necessary, but it’s a delicate balance. Rest too long, and you lose momentum; rest too little, and you risk burning out. The art lies in knowing when to pause and when to push, keeping your mind sharp and your engine of inquisitiveness well-fueled."

The part of the momentum and rest is important, because taking a break WILLINGLY, means you preserve fuel for tomorrow. Taking a break because your fuel ran out before your next stop... puts you in a funny place. Because, to be plainly honest, there is more stuff to life than this intellectual hamster wheel.


Ohhhh! Its still a bit abstract because I am not explaining a concept! I am exploring it!


One should, at the end of the day, though, keep a reasonably structured sense of self. Because it allows us to really grasp, contemplate and appreciate the complexities we have been grappling with. One always deserves to embrace and go through that phase of heightened confidence, during which one seemingly appears to glow across the streets they walk, though not dwell in it, as that will lead to stagnation. If there was no identity, confusion would achieve nothing, only senseless, nihilistic chaos, and vice- versa. A structured sense of self can help a person ward off bad reasoning or unecessary chaos that they feel wont be useful for them.

Youll never trully stop feeling dumb. But, as you push forward and realize more and more, you will become smarter.

So... both feeling that hurt, that sting of when something youve been lots of thought about does not quite add up, and then feel deeply satisfied when you get things right is essential. The ebb and flow of intellect.

An intellectual is a dweller of the confusion realm, that also keeps their identity skeleton tough and healthy, yet expandable. The modern man is...
Homo Bewilderus




god never meant us to be or know anything. Lets get... shitfaced in confusion together


Above all, the confused Men of today should not ever even try to see themselves as heroes, saviours or villains, but as warriors. With swords to sharpen, but also families to return to, cry with and rest.


Bask in the joy of clarity. Push on despite confusion w/o flinching. That is inquisitiveness, the juice of the academic spirit. The feast of an intellectual.


The theme song of the Homo Bewilderus is: Mind Stutter by Madoi the Maid.

Everyone is an intellectual. No exceptions, As being an Intellectual is as fundamentally human as being a sinner according to christianity