Aspergers people on their way to behaving like the most normal and prototypical people youve ever seen. Absurdity. Welcome back to the pit of Absurdity. here, we explore nonsense. we question anything non axiomatic. We desperately look for answers, in an urgent situation. 
I can finally play games again. Its a shame its college time. after using the computer that was given to me so I can keep the scholarship I need for survival and defending it with tooth and nail, The very next day I gamed everyday. I played songs, modded games, installed games, destroyed my mobile data. Found a new very good source of music. An Indie guy called "ZØMB". His songs are frenetic. Allegedly a mix between house, breakcore, krushClub, etc. They sound like a sugar rush. Like Obcessive love. Like the euphoria from an addiction. The artist always draws an OC in the covers. Its a girl. And my goodness his drawings kick butt... I mean... and at least I think its a girl... right? She has a curvy, not very muscular body, narrow shoulder span, a round face, a somewhat thin neck... she wears net stockings, a dress... Its a girl, right? She has pear shaped hips... Oh! Im not done! Wait! She even has a somewhat hourglass shaped body and stuff! Oh! Oh! And... And... And Long eyelashes! She is even drawn with hearts as the floaty thingy inside her eyeballs! Either pink  or red! Its suposed to be a girl! Right? Im correct right? Girls look like that, right? I played trackmania nations with TMUnlimitter installed. Has some trouble but did it. I played alot of TrackManina with zomb songs in background for like 4 hours straight. I got all authors on white and most of green. But Its so hard! The game is so damn hard! It was like my brain was hit by a locomotive after... My brain was a barren wasteland after. So I decided to take a break. That day before I also went on a 1 hour rampage to download every single ZØMB song they every released. And also a offline batch script to convert MP3 to OGG so songs could be detected and used by the game. Thats how I did it. But... why does ZØMB not charge anything... his songs are so good... Im so confused. Anyway... two hours later, I was in the middle of another TM track and got bored. I felt my negative thoughts come back, so I reflexively bought the Full TrackMania United. 30 fucking euros. After downloading and installing that and Portal, using mobile data just so It was faster, I played portal, realized I just played that game in the past because of a youtuber I adored and did not even get along very well with puzzle games... But it was still kinda fun. When TMUnited was ready, I updated it and went rushing into... the non existend Island Envo Maps. I had watched alot of Island Track mania videos on youtube when I was 10 but did not have TMUnited at the time. Now I had. I had to give it a key. The key was in a file. I Then fetched it and upgraded. Played for 5 hours straight. I stopped at 5 in the morning. My god video games are a world of fun... You can create, you can think, you can express, you can live, you can compete... Its like they are made to be irresistibly addictive. They are, right?  My goodness and back at the pit of absurdity we are... I guess simply Being away from videogames for 4 years just made my heart fonder... I relapsed again... Sigh... I dont understand this world... why Is TMUnited 30 euros? why so mutch? no one cares anymore... Its been alive for 10 euros... and its just a premium version of another... why? And why is ZØMBs music free? Why did God allow me to snatch it so easly? His drawings, the music, the drawings combined with the music... The colors of the drawings, the themes... Its so relatable... why is he so noble and dedicated to his craft yet does not charge a penny just so repugnant consumers like me can enjoy it. Why is the world like this? Why is my brain like a victim of an F4 tornado? Why? Because to be able to conquer pain you must learn to enjoy pleasure. "I dont play games"  you say? Think again. If you have your hands full fighting pleasure, why even try to endure pain?