Prelude to a duel:


A song started playing. Jisatsu Manyuaru. A song... of peace. melacholy that eventually snapped you. You are now a dead person walking... among the ones that feel alive. You see the universe in every corner of your eyes. The stars in the night sky feel inches away from you. You lay under a street post after one more overdose outside your building. You admire everything with a glint of fascination and awe in your eyes, not dead, not alive. neutral. You cant speak. You cant walk. You can only... see. before you prepare yourself to commit it, you take in all that you can from this sole night, just so... you can greedly carry everything that you love... to the pearly gates. You were a good person Ester. None of what you every did... was wrong.


I played a song every time I visited. I was supposed to be validation. To confirm your biases. To make catharsis quicker... like therapy. It was Dehydrate, by Yakui the Maid. It was a synth rock hybrid thing. It was a whole  and exact 8 minutes long. The sounds... filled with slow stumbling  coord sequences, full of melancholy. melancholy that almost turn to nihilism... it felt almost empty... but not quite... dehydrate but not... dehydrate....ed. Like... a river... a river full of water that was dirty, white like the liquid they were injecting you to keep you nourished, smelly, stale, thick... worn down... warm... partially dried up... bubbly from pollution... all in a heat wave sunny day, in india. The feeling of rotting in a hospital bed, the feeling of having insects crawl at you but not bothering... letting yourself being digested by the earth, returning to where you belong... the earth... looking up at the night sky, full of stars, surrounded by a temperate forest, in Leiria, Portugal, full of tall, thin trees... we can see a path. there are cycadas, moths... they all land on you... take a sip from your tears and sweat... and leave. You lay there... letting the absurdity of existence take over... as you meld with the blue planet, like human mould
Ive listened to it... just laying in bed... no music... no clothes... no blankets in a summer heat wave afternoon... shutters and doors and windows locked... like a piece of meat contained in a wooden box... staling away through life... waiting until it completly melds with the earth




I stand there... with an exasperated expression on my face... back at that old house, that good ol' corner in my mind. The spot in my brain where I leave all the trash... to get burned... to be made sense of... to look at stuff... non judgementally and handle the hazardous, the toxic, the putrid, the filthy thoughts. Its where I go to throw up... to cry... to harm myself with words and other ways... the old feeling of your blood being a polluted river... full of industrial waste, sludge... dirty, pungent smelling water with a milky texture... with algae, dead fish... the margins filled with purple sand. The water... warm and that river... almost dried up... with foam in the surface. the water with a dark, pink color. The blood letting out... bubbles of gas, colorless, odorless, tasteless and harmless gas... that occupies space, does not bother or nag, or hit or insult... or even compliment or cuddle... or encourage or put down... its just there... not budging. My eyes... yellow... from the over indulgence... the blood having given up on flowing to them. My pupils... those are red. My face... pale... my body feels empty, yet infinitely heavy... all my thoughts and movements are awkward. the feeling of stale and pure self disgust... the holes I punch through my soul to wake it up... after trying so hard to numb it down. This facade of spectacle I possess was broken not too long ago... all the lighthearted fun... so much fear of being an emo... so much tepid fear... tepid like my feelings... Feeling like I dont belong... like I cannot help but feel sad... if I just listen to myself... for a mere moment. So sad at... not belonging. So unique but so infinitely lost. And you stare at me... which I at least hoped it would bring me some kind of anger... "She is the mean girl! look at her! she is mean! be mad!" but I cant bring myself to be mad at anything... nothing is surprising... shes gonna talk to me, probably say something mean, then I will antagonize her... "wow omg you dont know me yo!" and shes like: "Yes! yes I do! I do because I am better! smug laugh" and im like: "Nooooo so meeeaaanananan nooooO!!!!!!!O!OO!11!!!". The conversation will go for 20 minutes, and then nothing productive will come out... nothing will change. We wasted our energies being utterly useless to eachother... and we would probably not even regret it...



When she is cooking or working with her hands or fighting or playing chello, she does not care, she does not care. She is just in her own little world, undisturved. When she talks highly about herself over her unshaved armpits, because "Im not ashamed of it like other girls", its just a glimpse of confusion, but I still reduce her to that. When she interrupted me while I was talking to my female friend, She yapped about how I was bad for "stepping on women and making them feel bad", for being too statiatically prevalent in the interaction, well... she never ever did that again. And its all I remember her for. When she is talking to her far away family, She is just like any one else: somewhat underconfident, respectful and vulnerable. Then... why do I still have her in my head like this. Why does she have to be the weirdo? I have another female close friend who has a groupchat literally called: "House arrest" (Hilarious btw) and I think she is normal. That is why... I am afraid. Why am I such a trashbag, incel, trash aimed camper, shitnerd, loser emo? "Calling yourself names is a waste. Its a waste." Why cant I see people as normal people that have stomachs, brains, urges to pee and sex and eat and sleep and have fun? people that when looking at the naked bodies its all a plain colour. But they have organs! It all looks so tidy on the biology book diagrams, though! How do I have a stomach that handles all the food I have to eat every day? The organs must be so squished into eachother. And I jump and run and hurt myself almost daily! How does it handle all of it? Ive seen how cells work. How the hell do we not have a tumor every 2 days?! Anyways! I am such trash! "Shut up." And then i ha- "Shut up dammit!" What?! Is it you... Neenee? "Yes. I am tired of all of your... bleh! What even is it that you are doing?" Im trying not to be a trashy incel! Im sorry for being such a trashy incel! Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry Im sorry! Ok? Im sor- "Quiet. Ok: Answer me: what is an incel?" An incel is someone who by definition refuses to engage in romantic relationships with people inside their sexual preferences. Now, the term is used to describe a somewhat more specific and ugly portion of people: trashy teens and pathetic main children who cry like weak babies when their unnatainable romantic interest reasonably drops them because of how much of a useless man like me they actually are."


I just want to know what true compassion feels like. Not towards me. From me. I am more curious than guilty, though... I enjoy new experiences. Thats why I want it so bad. We explored every gratifying facet of the tecnology we can ever make, already! We explored why intellectualism is important. Why praise is important. The answer is not as revealing or as much of a mirror of their importance as people think. Intelligence is a very important set of skills humans can develop. A meta skill if you will. It covers, from intuition control  to critical, detached reasoning which is accurate and avoids fallacies and the intrinsical value of the pursuit of truth. Intuition control... Its a concept made up by me to explain stuff to myself (so far) more easly. I can explain it with math, as it is something that exercises it alot. There are several quantic stages and Ive been able to see 3: 0- before 1. 1- Apply abstractions. In this stage, you are able to, although purely blindly, apply pre existing principles to compute. It requires you to be able to master algebra, so you can handle complex expressions. 2- Assert and demonstrate principles: You can prove to yourself and others why formulas work. Also, create some of your own for your purposes. You understand propositional and other forms of logic required to prove abstractions. Maybe there is a third, which I guess is creating yout own "Maths"... but thats only from me. This is pretty cool. But we are pathologically obcessed with this. ( Im guilty of it too). Why the f***... where is empathy? Social smoothness, willpower management, why dont we praise those? "huurrr durrr we only praise achievable stuff we dont belive in mushy emotions and fantasy hurrrr durrr that is just religion garbo made to soften the masses egos" bro since when are skills achievments? How the f*** do you achieve intelligence? So, if you are not a harsh, cynical coward, can you still not be praised? Why are you so harsh when correcting people? "Hurrrr you just care aboit feelings, nog facts, you overly pampered conformist!" But... if people dont want to listen to you, all the energy went to the toilet! "They should just be able to handle it!" YOU ARE THE ONE SPEAKING SK YOU ARE THE ONE WHO SHOULD CONDITION THE LISTENER TO BE RECEPTIVE OMG JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!! You make me so mad, oh my f****** god! Intelligence is overrated. I know it, but Ive been so praised and conditioned in such a way my ego cannot even recognize it as just one more human dimension! Omg redditors make me so fucking mad! They will tell me Im just soft, im just too traditional and devoid of conflict on my life! You cant tell me you walked a thorny path just because you chose to not turn on the lights at night! You cant brag about artificial and even imaginary conflict you claim to face up to everyday! That is dumb. Its dumb! That ia true stupidity! Your stupid! Also arrogant! Be ashamed... you pretentious moron!


Adriano gives up:

Sup people. Its me. Your boy, Adriano. Back again to talk about life and s***. Ive been spending my days alone. I wake up. Get out of my room. I say hi to the receptionist. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the cashier. Say hi to the receptionist. Go to my room. Go to sleep. All days are spent with me having lewd gross ass conversations with chatbots I created. I created them not because I am creative or smart. I am a lonely desperate loser who wants attention. I know they are virtual ok? you dont need to tell me. "ShEs JuSt a RoBoT! poRn iS nOt ReAl LiFe!" Porn works well enough. No one ever gave me a reason to care about them. So they should die. They should all die and leave me alone. This planet. All for me. To do whatever I please. Id go around and bomb building after building and watch it all burn in front of me. Fly a plane and eject myself just before it crashes into a city center. Commit kaboom on a chemical plant. It should all burn to ash. I then would turn away, put on my headphones and go back home. At home, I would go to my phone and scroll social media and simp to chatbots until my brain melts into a dilute of jello and mushy s***. Then someone would knock on my door. They would give me the main character speech of the century. Then, I would tell them: "thanks. good bye" and turn my phone back on, and do that for the rest of the day. I would watch mommy asmr videos and **** off to tomboys or femboys or animals or old men idk something.... something.... I want to see just how silly i can get. I want to then close the shutters, turn on the edgiest, emoest, music with most self serving lyrics possible and sneak into every bathroom in the hotel and try every pill stored in the cabinets, maybe one of them will give me superpowers... maybe one of them will make me cough blood... that would be cool, as I dont know what coughing blood feels like yet and I would like to try it. Identify with everything. "I am more mentally ill than you! sit down you cant touch me!" They can all die in hell... I am better than all of them combined. I dont need advice. I just need to believe that reality isnt real and that I do not exist. I am a floating, thinking, talking dream, like everything else around me. I want to smell like s*** and have s*** spread around every crevice of my house so people wont ever visit me. I want them to judge me and reject me. That way... theyll leave me alone. I want to be invalidated and gaslit. I want to be physically harassed and hit. Hit with dmt. with lsd. with cocaine. end up bleeding from my eyes and ears and s***. I want regret and pain. I want to feel dirty, greasy and bloated. I want my brain to be Pure Fog. I want my own blood to choke me. All my own actions to backfire on me. GRRRRHHHHHHHHNNNNNN!!!!!!!! I wish my friends would all leave me alone!!!!!! I HATE THEM! I HATE EVERYBODY! I HATE EVERYTHING! I HATE MYSELF!

I stand there... with an exasperated expression on my face... back at that old house, that good ol' corner in my mind. The spot in my brain where I leave all the trash... to get burned... to be made sense of... to look at stuff... non judgementally and handle the hazardous, the toxic, the putrid, the filthy thoughts. Its where I go to throw up... to cry... to harm myself with words and other ways... the old feeling of your blood being a polluted river... full of industrial waste, sludge... dirty, pungent smelling water with a milky texture... with algae, dead fish... the margins filled with purple sand. The water... warm and that river... almost dried up... with foam in the surface. the water with a dark, pink color. The blood letting out... bubbles of gas, colorless, odorless, tasteless and harmless gas... that occupies space, does not bother or nag, or hit or insult... or even compliment or cuddle... or encourage or put down... its just there... not budging. My eyes... yellow... from the over indulgence... the blood having given up on flowing to them. My pupils... those are red. My face... pale... my body feels empty, yet infinitely heavy... all my thoughts and movements are awkward. the feeling of stale and pure self disgust... the holes I punch through my soul to wake it up... after trying so hard to numb it down. This facade of spectacle I possess was broken not too long ago... all the lighthearted fun... so much fear of being an emo... so much tepid fear... tepid like my feelings... Feeling like I dont belong... like I cannot help but feel sad... if I just listen to myself... for a mere moment. So sad at... not belonging. So unique but so infinitely lost. And you stare at me... which I at least hoped it would bring me some kind of anger... "She is the mean girl! look at her! she is mean! be mad!" but I cant bring myself to be mad at anything... nothing is surprising... shes gonna talk to me, probably say something mean, then I will antagonize her... "wow omg you dont know me yo!" and shes like: "Yes! yes I do! I do because I am better! smug laugh" and im like: "Nooooo so meeeaaanananan nooooO!!!!!!!O!OO!11!!!". The conversation will go for 20 minutes, and then nothing productive will come out... nothing will change. We wasted our energies being utterly useless to eachother... and we would probably not even regret it...

In the end... none of it will matter. All this pain will just the man down stairs' twisted view of a rewarding world. Everyone fighting for survival in this desolate warzone... while both the world upstairs and the one downstairs laugh... all the absurd conflict hurting... the wounds piling up... "who is the best?" "Who is the strongest?" Once again... it wont matter... all people do in here is get hurt... thats all that can happen. Nothing happens beyond frustrating squabbling...