Title: Anjo Alado.
Authors: Marcio, Johana and Tiago.
Genre: Synth wave, mid 2000s ballad, mixed with light acoustic guitar.
Type: Musical single.
Desc: Here... us three assert the main role of our existence: A renunion of 3 old souls destined to bring the nostalgic, light breezes of childhood to the public... condensed into songs that people remember. People remember the joys of innocent banter, the sea of memories from infancy, the troubles of teenagehood... and even... memories of experiences from old age, that are yet to happen. Us 3 looking to feel the soft breezes of the plains, the pure air of africa, the background laughter from latino beach cafes, the clacking of dishes carried by waiters, who then take step outside... a smoke break. Then one steps outside the Delta sponsored Snack bars, after having a drink or two, at 6pm, with the sun setting... the tides getting stronger... the people in the beach still alive and cheery, as you vaguely remember being at home. The synth coords... atmospheric... swirling around each one of us... they drench you in that old familiar bitter sweetness. The games you played, the adversity you went through, the nagging of your parents. The hugs... the teasing. The reflective moments of achievment. For you to then spend the remanining of daylight there, playing beach soccer with random strangers, instant osmotic connection, dancing with touches, tripping in the sand, running exausted... still cold from the previous dive, with the smell of algae in the air... never actually getting their cell numbers. Remember Claro? Remember Optimus? We personally do... Also... Fernando Alonso at renault? When broadband was the coolest thing ever? Then going on dives, exploring, fetching crabs that pinch you. Then, after youve had enough, your group of friends parts ways with eachother, as they go home, to their families... vaguely remembering... going to the beach.
"Mesmo quandoe está cansado, estou sempre ao seu lado."
"Desalinhado, desnorteado, eu sou o seu anjo alado."
"Quando o jogo chega ao fim, e acaba aquele frenezim"
"Fico em silencio a apoialo, mesmo quando é derrotado."
"Tu es para mim o meu melhor amigo."
"Fico feliz quando estou contigo."
"És o meu porto de abrigo."
"Nunca me deixaste só"
"Lutamos os dois para ter, esta vida, que desejamos!"
"A tua vida é um desporto. O teu unico conforto."
"Á espera no aeroporto. Eu sei que tu virás para mim!"
"Mesmo quando está cansado, estou sempre ao seu lado."
"Desalinhado, desnorteado, eu sou o seu anjo alado".
Fim.
