Its Raquel, more commonly known as TsundereTerror. Here go wishes and fears. Lamenting over a life not lived. My blood, tears and screams.


Type: Musical Single.
Genre: Synth wave and Rock.
Title: Tanabata. (Vocal Yakui the maid Cover)
Desc: yeah... its my first song, ever. Ive been practicing guitar for a while, and my vocals are not half bad. Hopefully this is tolerable enough... before the song starts, I ask you: What is your biggest wish? Without further ado, there we go... Ahem: Once upon a time, there was a mighty, mighty god, guarding the sky and the entire galaxy. The god had a daughter, that crafted the smoothest and most beautiful silk in the universe. She worked very hard to please her dad, crafting more, and more, and more silk every single day. There was a shepherd, a boy who was also a poet. He had a way with words and charm. The gods daughter always grieved at her daughters lonelyness and craving for love. So she gathered the shepherd with the Daughter, falling in love at first sight. The daughter, then stopped crafting the silk, always preocupied with her lover, and the boy let his sheep escape, losing all he has earned and worked to protect. In a fit of rage, god cursed both, separating them forever. But... both began suffering deeply so, as a consolation, he let them join together in the 7th day in the 7th month, every year. Now... thats the legend. But now there is reality. I dream every day of going to Russia, to see the ferocious bears, the abandoned factories, living blocks and playgrounds. (Dont ask me why... im not depressed... I just have a weird eye for art ok? I played S.T.A.L.K.E.R when I was in my teens and loved it. The hard work... the grind... the management... oh welll. Ok sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry if its ugly... but I dont wanna stop liking them ANYWAY) The snow, the melancholic people... I think its all strangely conforting. The people are hard to approach but warm, they are all practical, straightforward, kind people who always seem to find themselves conformed with their current reality... of going around in circles... So thats why I am singing. Because Ive always dreamt of singing. The wall that god used to separate the boy and the girl, its a wall that is inside all of us: The funloving boy. The hardworking girl. They are inside all of us. The wall that separated them... is ego. As you ego takes over ever strengthning up, Both the boy and the girl stirr up storms. Storms with lightning that they use to communicate. Lighting one way... another bolt in the other. A storm of conflict, temptation, desire and repression. I crave... I crave everything. I crave work and I crave fun. I crave relaxation and tension. In the borderline I stand, a chaotic and tumultuous storm above me, causing me to curl up, to cry... to call out for mommy and daddy... As this guitar solo keeps going, rising and falling in a slow but relentless waving of magic, the electric magic that powers us all... emotions... The emotions my guitar spews out, I feel everything drain away... As I cry, scream and sing from longing and desire. The desire to find a boy that gets me, a boy that compliments me. I should be able to find him... the quesion is... will that... make me loose myself?