Tomas's work as an artist:

Type: Musical Single
Title: I dont want to belong (feat. Adriano, Filipa)
Desc: I surrendered sometime ago to forces considerably bigger than me. As I squirmed and flapped around looking for an exit, on the outside I looked normal. I procrastinated, like everyone else, accepted my pre assumed role as a shell of a moth. I did not even get to have the dusty insides. I flopped aimlessly looking for the brightest light. I saw dragonflies and thought they were just superior moths. They fly, they buzz. They seem to be able to choose any action, and be sure its all them. This imposter syndrome that haunts me, its from someone who refuses to accept they exist. I got swatted away, the dragonflies seemed immortal and strong. They seemed also intimidating. Butting into transparent walls, looking too deeply. Judging flowers, never tasting their nectar. Eating paper as if its all I am capable of. Feasting on the dead tissue of the leftovers of dragonflies. All the other moths did the same. The truth is, they were all dead. Mere viruses moving as an accident. They all saw that themselves. I realised: I am not like a dragonfly or a moth. I am not like any group. I respawned. I stopped chasing bright lights you can only look at. As I struggled to chew on harder food, melacholy and existential pain grew, as did my moth body. But I also became stronger. I flew higher, and higher, and faster, as I grew hungrier and hungrier. I stopped hanging out with moths and observing dragonflies. Neither of them ever did a damn thing for and to me. I became nomadic. I then grew and extra pair of wings. My body became bigger as I started hunting. For the first time, I had to choose. I starved myself over this new found pain. But my body did not crumble. It stayed the same. I chose my first meal randomly. I ate it. It tasted disgusting. I wanted something else. I hopped from meal to meal. I became bigger and hungrier. I was enormous. Thats when I realised, I was... just another dragonfly, now. Thats where I stand today, thanks, but I need to go now. My consciousness is calling. As I struggle everyday to become stronger and stronger, allways terrified at this fictional bus that will someday run me over, I feast, enjoy and cry. When will it end? Did it ever begin? Who knows? Does not matter anyway


Type: Painting
Title: Confort disapears.
Desc: As I grew older, I asked everyone I ever met: "Why did the warm blanket disappear? All I feel now is either unstable satisfaction or unstable neurotic lazyness". The truth is... Those are training wheels. They must die for you to learn how to live. Its also unnavoidable. The challenges life gives are the food you shall now eat. Before, you were wired to liquid, with machines beeping all around. You now need to put the logs in the furnace yourself. They are heavy, but its the inevitable destiny of those that reach true adulthood. They became dragonflies and flew away from the warm light they sucked on as moths. Now all that is certain is the winds that you get carried by and plow through. You are now, a hunter. A parent of your soul. A machine that depends on itself to smile. All is the same. This is the joy of life. Uncertainty is just a small barrier, a seducer that reminds one of the futility of nature. "Why eat?" Its a dragonfly's first mistake. When you answer this question, you begin to also ponder "when?" and "what?". It may seem nonsense, but just eating will give you all that you ask for. The answers, the fuel and the peace. Until you are hungry again, of course. If you notice how terrible it tasted, it also gave you acess to another try, as you now have energy. just try. Just fly. Just get bigger. Eat. And you shall not die in vain. Enjoy it, as your curiosity will only grow stronger. 


Type: text.
Title: Untitled.
Desc: Adriano: "I declare myself as a moth, refusing... to let go of stability. Why did it have to be so quick? Why did I hang on to my mom so tight before entering school? Why do I keep pretending that It is not scary? Its boring... Its below me. I have a soul! I am not a cog in the machine! Let me go!!! I wont do it." You will starve. You will starve and start feeding on your own entrails. Its tough. Its not your choice. But everything beyond this point is. "You will just make me compete against them, lose, I will throw a fit. Its not fair! Everyone else did it and it went well! Their light was warmer, brighter and stronger! I will die! I am weak! I... dont want to die! Let me... just a bit more! I cant do it yet!  " What are you talking about? Your terrified face is the saddest part... "But how can you not be????!!!!! Its gonna take away all that I have! My... bliss... My... creativity. Is it the same for everyone? I am pathetic! I want to burn bright! I cant... I wong survive IM TELLING YOU!!!!! THEY ALL DID IT BECAUSE THEY..." They were all moths just like you. You are not weak. You are just consumed by unecessary paranoia. When did you arrive to the conclusion you would be competing? " Its... what other moths said... " Other moths are just as ignorant as you. They never stepped outside. Ever. They will never be dragonflies. They will also become them. Its all your choice. Wether you are stronger than them or not is not relevant. What you dont seem to want... is to acknowledge yourself as a dragonfly yet. You lack curiosity. You are unstable. If you can fly fast now, its not gonna change after. You may even... fly faster. If you want to cry, cry. Its the first step of grieving over the death of the moth, and the birth of a dragonfly. Now I am gonna count to 4 and then, you wont feel the light anymore and you will have to look for your wings, as they will fall down. "...." 1.... 2 ... 3 ... 4.



Silence.

Vibe Eater

Electroshock

Gust.

Chronical Illness

Legs of feathers, to fly over the road.

Eat, sleep,.... focus....

Lunacy and spacyness

Close your eyes... and liftoff.

Feel everything, flinch at nothing.

Increase this vibe by 23%

Visceras Vitreas

Soul Food.

Warmth

Cozy Pain