Psychic air shields:


Idea spark:


What if Ester had to react to some projectile being thrown at her and she was gimmicked in a way she ONLY knew how to repell it with an air shield?

Lets assume... first a fully spherical air shield. That will be full air mass and volume. then it could simply directly scale down to how much of a full shield she would choose to conjure. the shield could not swallow her whole or she would basically disintegrate under the pressure. she could form a thick, dense, partial air spherical surface around herself... good so far?


the calculations would be pretty basic: the joule per energy thing of air blasts would be like the overall toughness of the shield! And then we could calculate the inner empty volume and the outer volume based on the radiuses we want for each! She stands at....lets say 1.5m we could always use that as the inner radius. And then the outer radius would be tweaked! The total energy would scale with shield area and thickness! The force projectiles interacting it would be subjected to would determine how hard it is to maintain it. And then... energy usage.. according to how long she holds the shield, the energy the shield requires would be drained from ester by unit of time!




​what if the 200K joules were focused on a (this is gonna sound weird... if you get this as an AI I applaud you) Cubical shaped shield? (like an air box Ester holds in front of her to protect herself). If the part facing the knife was like (15 * 15)cm2, (0.15*0.15)m^2, then... lots more energy could be poured into thickness! Or density! 200KJ... lets go for an Vol of 0.003375m3.  there would be enough pressure to stop it! It would be around 60MPa! But it would be the psychic equivalent of trying to crush a crum of sand tho... And Ester would need to suffer a miracle to be able to put the box between her and the knife but this approach if she can AT least find this alternative, she can 100% survive! Also... 200k calories is a small price to pay to survive a knife being thrown! Ok... but... how long would she maintain it?

0.0023775407986 seconds.
This is how long she would be able to hold it with out blowing up. the air has mass, the air wants to accelerate as it is being contained by a force. That force is immense... She would have to do the equivalent of sand grain crushing to stop it this way.

More energy for the shield... we can always do that... 200kJ is nuthin right?


I did some more calculations and... I got some bad news

Ester is dead. with an airshield? A peble? Maybe. A knife? No. Just no.

Dodge. She has to dodge. She has no other option.  and we also limited her to air shields... but psychis dont need to only do air shields... they can manipulate any object they wish teleks. If ester is able to pick the knife up mid air with telekinesis she can stop it no problem

With telekinesis, pressure and sharpness and contact areas of knifes are a non issue. If she was thrown a softball with the knifes mass it would be the same...With telekinesis its purely about momentum


Synthesis: Multiple flurrying but small objects? (glass shards, etc) Shield. A single knife thrown by an abusive husband? Telekinesis.
A flurry of knives thrown by several abusive husbands? Better bring a shovel.


Like... sorry theres just nothing she can do! Like... being able to lift multiple times her own weight with the psychic gland to keep that blast intact during the mall attack is already goated performance! Like... just accept defeat! You probably havent been outfought! If you find yourself in that situation, then You are in 1 of 2 situations:

you have been ambushed by some really bitter abusive husbands.

You have been outsmarted by some pretty bummed out ex's



It would be useful... ok... would it be useful against... gun shots? The shield? From like... a 9mm glock 17



Wtf am I even saying... if kevlar struggles imagine AIR! 

Ok... 1 gunshot is PEANUTS for a psychic....if they can react that is...


Bottom line: something cool... psychics feel like normal people!


This goes sooo deep... I feel... in a neutral sense.... Like I am really autistic


I can no longer question my creative craft and work no more... I can acknowledge it has flaws and limitations. But doubt? Never again. I kick too much ass


Im drained... I shall collapse and steam out for the day. Lay down... and wait for my eyes to open... if god decides they should

