I see a person. A person who is pragmatic. Smart. Resourceful. A person who reads the environment with boredom inducing confidence and clarity. They know what to use. What to rely on and what to ditch. They leverage the environment and circumstances. They are dead eyed in front of opportunities they value. They show no mercy or hesitation. They show no kindness, when in front of chances. They are straightforward. They are like sly foxes. No one notices, or even cares about their presence, until these especimen have an open goal in front of them. Then, they realize. Too bad, because any witnesses already had no chance by then, until they are at the top, until they get the job. The flag in the ctf lobby. They have no brute strength or raw skill. They despise straightforward work. The entire world is a huge, yet simple system for them. They never achieved anything with raw effort, or experienced consistency induced confidence. They have an ad hoc approach to every task they encounter. They are also weak in any kind of talent. In a world where critical damage is triple of base, average people with their achievments have 70 base damage. Their critical hits are random and few and far between. This person has a base damage of 25. They crafted a life where they only have to rely on criticals. They slot into any situation always with the right approach. They calculate and try to predict. They are warm blooded predators of opportunities. Or parasites? You decide. They are doctorates in the art of luck, allways appearing at the right times and places, surprising all. Do they work hard or not? You decide. They are part of the environment. Even when quietly acknowledging own victories, they dont brag. There are no surprises out there. Or any anywhere and ever. Human is but a thinking reed. Think hard or get bashed into oblivion in a whim. They are agile, but fragile. They hold onto each ledge on the huge terrifying moutain with everything they have. Thats when they are straightforward. They analyze and know every ledge 5 steps ahead. Cant afford to lose one. Or you will surely lose everything. You called her. She replied: "Hello.  Its Ester in the yard. What do you want that you cant do yourself? I feel non existant. I am a dream.
But.. I eat the bare minimum, right? So why do I still feel the biggest hole? I may be 19 with the body of a 12 year old, But this dark abyss is the size of the universe itself. People like me should not exist. No one that exists should not be like me. A tumor of the blood. A hunk of undetectible tissue that just... exists. I survive, yet, I am not sure if I live. I barely hang on to this supersonic train, with human muscles, limbs, arms, hands and nails. I hang on to a crack that luckly appeared when a tree feel on it yesterday. My entire life is like this. How... am I alive? Am I... still alive?"