What do you think of this? "Street racing where there are normal cars and then Pure Blood cars: These cars can only be driven by humans, Because humans are drained of their blood, which circulates through the vehicle to keep it moving. the human , although still a brain and a body, is now also simply a pump of blood for the car. Fit drivers perform best in those. If you crash with the car, you die. If the engine stalls, you die. if the engine breaks, you die, as your blood will spill everywhere. Its also street racing and cops will go after the main cast. Every drive you take with one of those cars is a gamble. But if we take an example car, a Lancer evo V from the 2000s, it has 320 hp, has a 0-100kph of 5.3s and has the handling of a Lancer evo V. if you drive the Pure Blood version, its limit, based on the driver, becomes 650hp, it gets heavier AND easier to handle, it accelerates during the first 2 gears twice as fast. But its also a gamble because you gotta breathe for yourself and the car. Ill call it "Blood and gasoline"

a quote from me : "Maybe... Ill just know the answer to that last question if I just go for it. If i dont face any resistance, I will never know what drives me and therefore what holds me back. You just gotta live to live, you know? Its the lesson of the Blood and Gasoline cars"

Oh! And it will be very physically draining! Yes! very draining. I am not gonna include air flows or anything... but for an NA aspirated car with an 8 liter engine that produces 400 hp, if the person has the physicality of, for example, someone like didier drogba, a football player, the lungs and the highly oxygenated blood can bump it to over 1100 hp (The previous engine had lack of oxygen. Thats why that happens). their lungs will get hooked with a respirator that connects to the intake, like an extra forced induction, their capilar vessels and sweating will be an extra radiator, and their kidneys an extra oil filter. their muscles will serve as a suspension. Their blood... will serve as an extra coolant, and oil. Not fuel, otherwise they would just run out in seconds and die. the fuel will be the same. But they will get hooked up with all kinds of tubes to different parts of the car. Their air and blood will circulate all over the innards of the vehicle through sketchy tubes, as the technology is new and not really funded by actual recognized companies as you can immagine. They will have to share their bodies resources with the vehicle at all times. And turning a steering wheel on tight turns will still require the same effort so... also... if its really hot outside... its not gonna be a good time. Also, they will be chased by police who seek to capture these dangerous cars and racers. Oh! And the reason they kill instantly is... if one of the tubes comes off... well... And what do they feel? Their heart pumps faster with faster rpms, it happens because of the way the machine works, but they they can use it to not have to look to the gauge before shifting. That way, they just listen to the engine and dont need to care about speed, so the driver is more focused as a side effect. And you really gotta be resilient! Do you know what bpm your heart gets when your engine is at 10000 rpm? And your heart is average in force? 190 bpm!

But remember... the car will improve as much as the raw physical prowess of the driver. If you are small, the car does not improve much... There will be nuance to it. Bad choices may get you killed.

And then I could come up with some Sergant cross clone! And he drives a pure blooded out Corvette

Its need for speed most wanted, but gross, basically


