These are some universal laws for psychics, worded in normalperson language:


Psychics get free mental health support-> Due to the bizzare and sudden way these mutations started manifesting on people, specialists understood, through studes and testemonials from psychics that the issues they face can be considered worthy of special treatment. They share struggles with people with ADHD and have an extremely high likelyhood of following paths that lead them to develop conditions such as NPD, HPD, avoidant personality disorder and even depression and anxiety. The power psychic powers have on the users and on the people around them should be handled and understood with compassion, civility and tact and goverments around the world should acknowledge their capabilities and their struggles. Also... if a psychic finds themselves in a situation where they suffer from malnourishment, they can receive monthly, free packs of food.

Psychics and law enforcement-> If a psychic is to commit some infraction, and it is concluded or stated that the psychic powers of the involved users were at play, it has been decided that they shall have 6 months to make a choice between 3 things: They can... either... immediatly get setenced to the max number of years of that country, where they will go through a dire rehabilitation process that effectively attempts to guide them through the process of using their powers carefully... there are already several specialists on the matter... psychic and otherwise, for which we guarantee the utmost moral integrity in helping the convicts mature and develop a healthy relationships with other civilians and their own selves and their powers... or be subjected to a surgery that removes their psychic gland for good... to be used for studying.

Darling... I know its harsh... but... the same thing only does not happen to other quirks of society... (like autism, glass bones, gigantism, etc.) because they dont have highly powerful, weird organs on their heads... I thought law people were more rational...

yes... And also... I mentioned there are psychics who are also in law enforcement... its a pretty easy and appealing career for them... getting psychic guards should not be too hard...


What if we instead give them some kind of medicine? Like a numbifier?

This drug... because... all organs use hormones to function... we could just... plant some receptors on the cells of the organ... that prevents them going active... but we also cannot make cells stop working without killing them... they need to work to stay alive... but... what if we do it like writing an empty loop on a program? Make the gland do some dummy task?

And we could also think about turning it on and off...

Like... with medicine! We should have medicine A that has dose X to make it stop, for some psychic, (the doctor should screen first) and then medicine B that has a does Y such that, for every does X of A, always turns it off! And both should, obviously, be easly expelled... and one more thing: psychics can directly read verbal thoughts... and can only tell if another psychic is, in fact, one, if they can find it in their memories, which takes too long in the moment... or if they detect activity. The psychic could just take medicine B and turn off their powers... and the psychic may struggle to figure out if they are... oh wait! We could make it easly detectible with blood samples... we could check their blood for psychic suppressants...

But... the thing is: so... the cells have to work wether we want to or not right? The gland is practically a muscle... as it works when the psychic wants... oh! yes! its only when the psychic wants! so... we can just... numb neuron connectors! We dont even need new chemicals! just prevent neurons from getting there... yet we can allow the blood, as every organ needs blood to not decay...

Ok... and remember darling... this all looks very realistic... but its still a story! So... I dont even have to come up with any chemicals! We could just say: "They take psychic neuro suppressants... yatta yatta yatta..." then "psychic then takes anti neuro suppressant... yatta yatta yatta..."

And like... its pretty easy to make a neuro suppressant right? We have been making them since the 1800s! we have heroin! we have morphine... and nowdays we have highly effective anesthetic chemicals! Making one thats easly excreted by the body should be easy and expected for any pharmacist...

Yes! then it fits my story thats suposed to be... not necessarly realistic, but highly relatable! Having laws, documentation, medicine... all that irl stuff!

Like... life aint easy for psychics. Im just gonna state the different... bad paths that a psychic can go through if they slip just a little bit: Loser, isolated and bitter, isolated and depressed, learned narcissism, nihilism, cynnicism, relies on psychic powers as a crutch for empathy, chronically nosy, cheats in gambling...





