ADDADHD2:

So... I figured out something important. I have ADD and ADHD, which means I have a really pronounced tendency to develop really niche, obscure and hyperfocused interests in certain people, objects or topics. Like... as specific as:  how stupid the manosphere is (Yes... just making takes solely for that thing), Yakui The Maid, HealthyGamerGG, writing, the imaginary worlds I develop and the occasional ultra fulfilling knowledge/technical creativity escapade. Oh! And also Apreciating random things that defy conventions. Now im gonna speak quick and short though: I often find myself overextended @ logistics stuff, college, relationships, etc. Which, obviously, makes me feel innadequate, as those things are, albeit not maliciously, "easy and expected" according to the general population. And, because no one looks for me for a  challenge in my niche interests, I get arrogant, I get arrogant, I get pretentious, I get pretentious, I get bitter, I get bitter, I get insecure, I get insecure, I dont look for challenge myself... I dont get challenged So I get arrogant... AT MY INTERESTS. THATS WHY I FEEL... BOTH INADDEQUATE AND ARROGANT.


ADD and ADHD non NSFW vent (Its safe guys!)


The thing that sparked this was an Instagram bio quote by a girl I havent even heard of... the quote was: "We are like lemons. We will all be bitter until we fall and die". Like... its the first time in ages I genuenly felt impressed at someone else so close... I felt like she actually taught me so something... sigh... so wise without even trying... The sky really is the limit. And then my highschool crush was also a really good writer... I really am just small fry. That makes me feel so reassured... so humble... so earthly, at last.

I think its the only time, in my life, when I felt like competition was not intrusive or overwhelming. It felt... grounding. Tranquilizing. Right.

Im not wise... I feel embarassed if I get called wise... when there are still people... so much more experienced... skilled... better. I refuse to be called a winner. That title only brings me shame and innadequacy. Im a Pragmatic, Persistent, Prototype. (P.P.P.)


I never got the chance to... trully get me and my grandma connected through our interests... I always felt like such a pretentious idiot because of it... I always indirectly insulted myself like this: "Then Im like: "LoOk  At Me! ClOsE MiNdEd OlD GuEzzErz dont GeT mE!"" But... the truth is... I just felt so frustrated for so long! and another truth is... almost no one gets me anyway... And the truth may very well be... that maybe... she would have never gotten it before... well... her time came... I miss you grandma... I hope that, living in my heart, you someday get me... I know you also tried... we both tried... mom tried... everyone tried... But... its just so lonely...