Need For Speed: Most Wanted (2005): I.S.O.T.E.C.I.A.T.E.: Phase 3. (climax)

In Search Of The Epicest Chase In All The Earth. (I.S.O.T.E.C.I.A.T.E.):  
Phase 3: 
I came first (I lost). 
In this edging game between me and my boi Sergeant Cross, the one to fall was me. 
And bro did not even have to show up. 
Yet, I still could not take all the shots from below (I was never evading this shit anyway I knew from the start :P Sorry to disappoint you. Im not that good.). 
But... we finally found the epicest chase in all the earth. And thats what matters. We caused: Death, destruction, misery, stress, you name it! 
And all they got in return, was a degenerate with way too much free time as a prisioner. 
I basically nuked an entire city and they arrest 1 man. 
So who wins in the end? You decide. 
But Cross finally got what he wanted! 
I guess Tanabata did finally come for him in the end...

Note: The author from the video from where I got the art does not know who the artist is.

Song is Tanabata By Yakui the Maid 


For the finalle, I give you my setup:

Basically: keyboard and keyboard mapping is the same as in my Gran Turismo 3 videos, except W is nitrous and there is no dedicated button for reverse. I dont use the reset position button because that shit is like a "Get Busted" Button and I did not want to bust ;(

If the feedback satisfies me I upload my fails in a playlist.

I love my Ford GT and I love Need For Speed. It was a pleasure making this and I hope you enjoyed.

I spent money so I could get rid of a watermark. Alot of money. Alot of money. Please. Please share. Please. I beg you. Please.. I beg you. Please.


In Search Of The Epicest Chase In All The Earth. (I.S.O.T.E.C.I.A.T.E.): 
Phase 4: My most sucessful chase so far.
Damn Cross really stressed me there! I thought I was gonna blow first but I kept it together...

The art is modified by me (Removed some alpha) and the original is from god knows where.

Song is Dysfunctional by Yakui The Maid