I am BASICALLY an ISTP


Ok guys I think thia may be my biggest and most rewarding and biggest and bestest achievment on all the earth! I love myself so much right now! Ok... I always wanted to understand AT LEAST more or less what my vibe is right? And I think I did it! Ive been at this for 3 f***ing years! 3 god damned years! Maybe 4 is fairer! Because... first I was a type... did not know what I was doing whatever. then did the crappy 16p test and did it with my psychologist and got another. started irking and hating myself because none of it was either, ego appealing, felt understanding, felt cool or even made sense. to solve the ego, I started trying very hard to do stuff that only much much later I would discover was actually easy and expected to be easy for my type. and I learned how to mix honesty with social harmony (quite crap but better), that I LOVE being a camera and observing the earth and stuff, going outside and feeling the pebbles and s***... and that I love to write, do deep contemplation but not too much or I might get LooLoo! (F***ing insane). Btw im cute, self centered and distant. I love it because its fair! I love analyzing things in a fair and balanced way! I LOVE FEELING TEPID AND BALANCED! I LOVE how easy it is for me to be open minded. But I am obcessed with being right and need to be constantly validated for it! I love it cuz it makes sense! Ive been getting more mature so now I care more about the group now! And smile more! But thats a progress issue not mbti but anyway! I also dont care about making useful things! I make weird inneficient things that are cool ideas/concepts for me but not necessarly anyone else! I love seeing the world as vectors and graphs and sets and trees! Bur also like colorful beautiful things too! I also basically just keep spitting out creations that look shiny, for me, that I keep throwing into a pile and not care! Its cool because its true! And its me! I figured out all these individual things during these 3 years and now, after a deep talk, they helped me put 2 and 2 together and Im really happy! Happy! Happy! Happy! Omg omg omg... it was so hard! So hard! Can I please get a hug? please? Im sleeping so Ill get one tomorrow... but omg....IM SO HAPPY!!!!
since the very beginning, I wanted to understand myself as accurately as possible. I quickly found out that was gonna be next to impossible. but when I found out about mbti, It looked fucking tasty and I admired the simplicity and elegance of it and... because... If I cant understand ALL of myself at once ever, I might as well try to understand myself as well and as nuanced as possible through this very narrow lens. because mbti does not look and is not tasty to me because it is THE way to understand myself and others, but because I can stay afloat. Its A possible way to understand others, although very narrow in scope. And that makes it even tastier! I thrive off breaking down and observing all around me. People are fascinating and no exception, because MBTI is one of my 'boias' in the unforgiving and uncertain sea of life. Idk... what triggered these sudden explorations and realizations? i think I just needed to live a bit more life I guess...

