Nuanced Yapping #3


Myeloma. Spring pt1 by Yowai the Maid. David Goggins. Goggins. Goggins.Goggins. Goggins. Goggins. Fuckin hell this song is way weaker than the others, Yowai! You had better material before... Anyway! Welcome everyone to another episode of Nuanced Yapping! I am Adriano, this is Gina. She will now be a co-host from now on as a request from the audience! And our special guest is....David Goggins! Hello there! David: "Good evening! Its a pleasure to be here! What are we doing today?" Well... we will begin with: Warm-ups! Theres all kinds of them, no one knows how much they need them and think there are only physical warmups. But we can begin with the most commonly known one! Goggins! David: "Yes! Its important! Preparing your body for stress is very important indeed! Its one of those cases where a little bit more thinking and complexity comes a long way. Streching, cardio... all that stuff is cool. People allways complain: "David! Your cardio routine is hell! I cannot flex a single fiber afterwards! 100 jumping jacks? really?" So I then tell them: Yes! Really! Its what warms me up! If you get absolutely exausted and fatigued... I guess thats good! You may have just done a full workout! For your experience, that is! Even then, Its not a very good workout, but hey! You are tired, so... you had to improve in SOME way... But I am no PT! I am an influencer! Just get yourself a PT and fix that, buddy! Send me a photo! I wanna see you shredded soon!" Thats very good indeed, David! I personally have an anecdote myself! I write as a hobby and, like, I enjoy being at my best when writing, so I allways start by spewing random words whimsically! Its a cool experience! It feels like a very old tv turning on! David: "What about drafts? What are those for, then?" David, thats after the warmup! Do you set yourself up for a workout by doing a full workout? Drafts are attempts at a full task! So its not warmup. Gina, share something: "I do shadow boxing and journalling right before fights and get some movement on, etc... then, of course, the roadwork is important as well... My nutrition is also warmup! For studying in college, I like to go on a walk outside, no cell phone no nothing, screw it if I get called, go to the nearest park and just start noticing things: paying attention, letting the elements sink in, trying to understand what people are doing... Sets me up to be focused." *Filipa spawns* Filipa: "HAAAAYYYY BEST BUDDY GINA!" Gina: "*Sigh...* Hey, Filipa!" Filipa: "What is the guy from alpha male shorts doing in your bedroom, Adriano?" Gina: "Filipa!" Filipa: "I thought he was taller! *Starts feeling... interested*..... hey, cutie thing! *Softly touches Goggins's shoulder and starts whispering in his ear* If you want a meat bag to unload on, I will be upstairs after. *Now out loud* Btw do you have a girlfriend?" Gina: "Im sorry David! She is a bit uhh-" David: "Have your parents not taught you any respect?" Filipa: "*Delusional from the butterflies* Society does not let people like me express themselves... its hard..." Gina: "I see a different guy leave your room like twice a week... Do you rotate or what?" Filipa: "I was a teenager... with so much to see and live and my parents thought it was weird to flirt with the janitor! Dont you understand?! Its too much! Anyways... what are you talking about?" Gina "*Suddently exausted* *Sigh...* Warmups...we were talking about warmups. by the way... his name is David. David Goggins. Mr Goggins... this is Filipa." Filipa: "*Gets bored of being excited.* Hello, Mr Goggins. Adriano really has really been bringing some really cool people to here. My name is Filipa." David: "So, how do you prepare for hard things? What are your favourite hard things to do?" Filipa: "Hobbies? For hobbies... uhhh... I enjoy doing Phyisics exercises, where my faves are Newton and electricity stuff. I absolutely love programming. And I love having, training and maintaining a pair of strong ass kangaroo legs! *Leans into Davis, inches from his left ear. Whispers, slowly in a relaxed voice.* Or... the ones of... a cute bunny! *Returns to previous state* I love football and flicks and tricks! I suck when the other team actually knows what marking is and I have no manager and..." *Gets interrupted by Adriano* Filipa. Warmups. Filipa: "Yeah! For programming, I like to do some simple math demonstration exercises to crank up the logic, for football, drills and physical warmup... When doing simulations in my computer, I enjoy solving physics problems! For sex... I like to do dirty talk..
" *David's heart skips a beat-.* "... talk and for some really big and meaty partners I like to to tease them so they chase me! And I like to play the subbie so them and I get excited!" David: "Is sex... a hobby, for you?" Filipa: "Yeah! Its fun, kills time, is gooooooooood as f*** for anything brain related, and, unlike those idiotic, clown alpha male shorts claim, no, its not the meaning of life, ok? Its also not a good idea to spread those beliefs to lonely, impressionable young men! Or women! Or whatever the F*** I am!!" Gina: "What workouts do you do? You know... For your legs?" Filipa: "Gina! In your fights, which punches do you throw?" Gina: "What? That question makes no sense! Thats not how it works! I dont think about speci-" Filipa: "Be quiet. Now, ask that again." Gina: "What are you tryin-" Filipa: "Do it!" Gina: "Ok. Filipa. What workouts.... ohhh... really?! It works like that?" David: "Yeah! Gym skill is a real thing! If you are just throwing weight around without purpose, what muscles do you grow? Some will, of course. But how? Why? For what?" Gina: "Oh.... I guess Im kinda ignorant on that..." And with that, the 4th episode of nuanced Yapping is over! Good bye, everyone! Upload schedule is in the description! Thanks for tunning in.