Nuanced yapping #4


Disk insertes! *static noises* *disk clicking* *humming* *humming* *display static* *Title: Nuanced Yapping: #4* *Switch off*. *Fade in* *Silence* ...Hello, everyone! Welcome back! Gina: "Filipa! Are you ready?" Filipa: "No! I wanted to stay in bed!" Gina: "Its 7 pm, Filipa." Filipa: "*Grumpy. Hesitating to talk* I... went to sleep at 11 am! And... I really needed the sleep hours!" Gina: "Wow. That is one absurd sleep schedule! It does not matter, though because we are live!" Filipa: "*Dead pan face* Yeeeeyyy..." Gina: "Quit acting like a "misunderstood" teenager! Since when are you so emo?" You dont know one percent of Filipa, Gina! You are a recent addition to our roster! Anyway! What are we talking about today? Filipa: "Can I at least take my medications? And I hate they way my mouth tastes like when someone interrupts my morning routine!" Gina: "What medications?" Filipa: "Concerta 54mg." Gina: "So... then... go take them and come back?" Filipa: "Listen: Im gonna get serious! You either let me go for like 20 minutes tops so I can speed through all of it and get resignated Filipa, or you stay stubburn and you all get your asses kicked!" Gina: "Id like to see you try to kick MY ass!" Filipa: "What did you say?!" *Adriano whispers to Gina* Gina, listen! She does very absurd things when grumpy, ok? Kicking ass is just a metaphor for giving us a bad day. Please let her go, ok?! Oh! And she has psychic powers like Ester! They are rusty, but yeah. Gina: "* To Adriano* Fine! *To Filipa* Go have your...*Sigh...*" *Filipa was already gone* Anyway! Today we talk about: Mastery and the (not so) filthy casuals (spectators) that dont understand (mine). Begin, Gina: "Well... uhhh... Ah! Punches! In mma! They appear simple, but I can guarantee you that no one knows the first thing about it! And its not because it is very esotheric. Its precisely for the opposite! We... unlearn punching and assume its easy. Adri: How do you guarantee you knock someone out?" You punch really hard on the temple! Uhhhh No! You fist them uhhh... hard on .... the tem.... ple? No? Gina: "Close enough. I expected you to actually say much bigger attrocities than that but the correcr answer is... its a matter of force and place, yes, but punching "really hard" is not allways your goal. Because punching is really... exausting. And going full force at all times is rarely useful. And also... bones are... pretty hard! So..." So... uhhh... Im confused! Gina: "Listen Listen!" No wait! You cant punch them hard, so wh- Gina: "You punch them more often! Damn... wait your turn man! Anyways... To KO someone, its better to yes, punch them in the right place, ANGLE, and right part of the hand. You may break your hand if you dont know the last one. You need strength, of course, but you should not use all of it. Two opponents. one has 200 force. Other has 100. The 200 force one can do 50% and cause the same damage as the 100 one. And because he is stronger, can handle more impact. So what that means is he can punch at the 100 guy's full force more often, barely trying and without losing a hand. Its an extreme that in competitions does not happen for obvious reasons, but It explains the true benefits of strength training in Combat sports. Its not that intuitive, I know. But people rarely understand this. Oh! And strong punches require more acceleration, so more open time for the same force. The guy who punches slightly less hard will preserve better, punch more often and will also be able to knock you out!" Damn... that is peak nuanced yapping, thank you, Gina! Now my turn! Programming! Beginning is not so complicated. Programmers are seen as mystical wizards, but they are really not! But its very, very tedious, lonely (so, not for everyone), and requires lots of both attention to detail and big picture thinking. Also, math. You are as good of a programmer as is your math skills and confidence. Does not matter the kind of project. I like light math to warm up for a program. People dont understand why I do this, but... *Filipa shows up* Filipa: "WhoAHhh!! LoOk aT Me, FilTHy CaSuAlS! LoOk At hOW nUANcEd I Am! Cut the crap dude! You are bragging and you know it!" Ok, first of all, did no one teach you how to knock? Second, did I remind you of yourself from 4 years ago? *Filipa suddently goes pale from embarrasment and starts stuttering* Filipa: "Bb... But... You said thats the past! You said it!" ....... *Filipa starts crying* "SHUT UP! YOU ARE A BIG MEANIE! YOU ARE WORSE THAN ESTER! F*** YOU! DIE! *WAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA*" *Filipa runs off* Uhhhh..... Gina:"... people question why you do math before coding" Ah! It helps me warm up, thats all. Oh! And I remembered something: I experienced the other side with a very big passion of mine: Music! More specifically, indie music! There is this artist. With Nuanced Yapping style, we will call him A Gina: "Ya! *soft giggles* Lets do it like an algebra thing! Like an about to retire math college professor! Try to be extra vague too! try to turn as much stuff as you can into variables!" PFFFFFFRRRTTT HAHAHAHAHAHHAAAAAAA *wheezing* yeah good idea! Lets do it! Okay, so first, we define a function: that goes from the set of all my known artists (Set KA) to, for each x, the real numbers, renamed the "Frikin coolness" set (Set FC), where x -> myMaxVibeAndEmpathy(x). Its the "fanBoy" function. Lets call the Artist A. fanBoy(A) is basically the third largest of the codomain, so I really like him. I saw him as a bit of a god before, where they would travel distant lands and go on mystical adventures to bring me the sounds of champions. There was a song B made by A that maximized the goodMoodOfThatDay function. lets call it C.  C, from the first, vaguest weakest seed of creativity to ready to launch polishedness, took a 30 minute stream. 30 minutes! Its true that A already had samples from previous projects and even other artists (Some of them also in KA). Do you know what 30 minutes is? I can barely make an essential program in 30 minutes! And it sounded awesome! Ok can I stop the variable shit? Its making me both dizzy, tired and embarassed... Idk... It makes it seem like musicians are normal people, you know?" Filipa: "Keep going my good sir! Very intellectually mature indeed! Very nuanced! Its not pretentious or excessive at all!" Gina: "*Whispering to Adriano* Poor Girl... she had an actually useful thought! She may already be 21! Yet she does not seem like a preteen anymore! HeHe! Check this out, dude! *Stopped whisperring, turned to Filipa* Ohhhh.... I am soo proud of you! You get the joke! You are *very* intelligent, sweetie! You have been doing your homework, havent you? Maybe you will become even better when you stop watching dumb japanese cartoons..." But Filipa does not let that slide: "Hey! What did you say? Just so you know, block headed shawty, I have psychic powers! I caught your crappy teasing before you yapped to me! I also do not like when Sweaty, pretentious assholes tease me, ok? You wanna  go? Oh never mind... the teacher might say mean things to you and then you will go CRY TO MOMMA! *Slaps Gina*" Gina: "HEY! DONT YOU DARE DO THAT *Deep breaths* Ok sorry... I a-" Filipa: "IM SORRY! I DONT LIKE SERIOUS THINGS, OK? BUT I JUST WANTED TO HAVE FUN AND THEN YOU BULLY ME!!!!! WHY???!!!!! FUCK OFF!!!!! YOU F*** SUCK! THERE ARE PEOPLE IN ALL OF REALITY TV WHO ARE MORE RESPECTFUL THAN YOU! GO DIE IN A FIRE!" *Filipa pulls down Gina's hair really hard then runs off crying* So... thats all for today, folks! tune in next time! Good night! *No longer live* Gina: "She..." misunderstood the whole point, yes. Are you gonna talk to her later? Gina: "Yes. I will. She was really upset and now I feel bad. Man Im such an idiot... Autistic people react like this when teased... and when they are also extreme hot heads like Filipa, confidence is a precious rarity. And she had plenty. And I took out half of hers." 