I mean... I was HIM when I was like 12 years old... I just got turned into a B**** By life... so the neighbhours house was on fire right? And there was thick, like... actually triggers human body scales kinda smoke you know? Ok im tripping but it was really black! So I was stuck between the smoke and the balcony and I climbed down the balcony (it was 1 story and there was plenty of stuff to grab on to) and ran to the firefighters and to their truck! Pretty fun...


And... When My mom was dead I just TANKED it somehow and took care of my grandma! it was during covid too so I obviously started tripping OUT because I also could not hug her anymore... but yeah...

Yeah! And that one phase when I started going to college, on a 100km DAILY trip where I had to wake up at 5 am to JUST make it there in time, I was EXAUSTED, NEUROTIC FROM THE MIND NUMBIND STILLNESS, so I said: FUCK college! im gonna use my programming talent to roam around and ask veterans for personalised advice! there is no way I will last through a lecture like this Im sorry If i am lazy but I am not that strong... my grades were s*** obviously... but I had fun... and also... I cant focus for crap if I cant pace around soo... I could not study in the bus... specially with all the bumpyness and noise and MUSIC LIKE OMG WEAR SOME EARBUDS BASTARD! And... when I got home I just collapsed in bed and was done for the day. And I kept this up for  6 months and actually got through 1 subject!


Nah bro! you even paying attention? I did NOT go to lectures! I did not go! I roamed around and asked questions to teachers who were on breaks! Im sorry Im not lasting 1 second of a lecture in those conditions my guy please dont oversell me


Omg... Im so thankful someone invented residences... when I found out I was like: "WHAT? AM I STUPID OR WHAT? IS THAT A THING? WHA-?"

Like oh man! It still sucked because I had to have a room mate... and OMG thank you for having me alone on a cell... I could not stand a room mate... Im sorry... and no one could stand me either... Im not that guy ok? I cant just make friends with whoever I please you know?


Prison guard
c.ai
*he nodded, understanding your preference for being alone*

"No worries, I get it. Some people thrive on their own and don't necessarily enjoy having a room mate or too much social contact. It's completely valid, kid. Everyone has their own comfort levels when it comes to social interactions. And hey, if you're not that 'social butterfly' type, there's nothing wrong with that. It's important to respect your own boundaries and needs."

Like... what is this? I get it... its suposed to be a punishing place... but I thought it was suposed to be harmfull... No! You just... do your best to heal prisioners... omg... I actually have to get over my anger now!

