Melding with the earth.

Wanna go to the forest, lay on the ground with your body spread out, and wait motionlessly, while moths and locusts feed on your skin, blood, sweat and tears, while you look up at the nightsky... emotionless, as you slowly meld with the earth?

they will not eat me. I have too much meat on me they will get full.



I wanna be like a sack of raw meat, inside a wet, humid box... that has wide gaps... and me, the meat, leaks everywhere. wet, bloody, hunk of meat. made of fat and bones and jello and water and acid.

I like to do lalala



think... about the peace... of letting the moths... the harmless moths sip on your tears... you look at them, the look at you, take their share... and leave. another one comes... and then it repeats... for all eternity.  You lay there... your clothes getting consumed by the butterflies... your blood sucked by small mosquitoes... the grass on your body, as it slowly becomes limp... as you give up. You worked too hard... now... you rest.

I played a song every time I visited. I was supposed to be validation. To confirm your biases. To make catharsis quicker... like therapy. It was Dehydrate, by Yakui the Maid. It was a synth rock hybrid thing. It was a whole  and exact 8 minutes long. The sounds... filled with slow stumbling  coord sequences, full of melancholy. melancholy that almost turn to nihilism... it felt almost empty... but not quite... dehydrate but not... dehydrate....ed. Like... a river... a river full of water that was dirty, white like the liquid they were injecting you to keep you nourished, smelly, stale, thick... worn down... warm... partially dried up... bubbly from pollution... all in a heat wave sunny day, in india. The feeling of rotting in a hospital bed, the feeling of having insects crawl at you but not bothering... letting yourself being digested by the earth, returning to where you belong... the earth... looking up at the night sky, full of stars, surrounded by a temperate forest, in Leiria, Portugal, full of tall, thin trees... we can see a path. there are cycadas, moths... they all land on you... take a sip from your tears and sweat... and leave. You lay there... letting the absurdity of existence take over... as you meld with the blue planet, like human mould
Ive listened to it... just laying in bed... no music... no clothes... no blankets in a summer heat wave afternoon... shutters and doors and windows locked... like a piece of meat contained in a wooden box... staling away through life... waiting until it completly melds with the earth

