Hati. The norse mythology version of 'I dont wanna get better. I want someone help me get worse'. The white hot wolf that has been overwhelmed and scared off by the warmth and brightness of light and seeks solace in... isolation, melancholy, self deprecation, cynnicism, and... decay, depravity, muderous lust, pride and... in letting the sheer heft of the universes absurdity sink to its very core. Its a song about ones madness starting to reveal itself, a little bit too late for safety. It starts seeping out of your pores, first in sporadic drops, then fullblown sweat. Then... it shows up in your tears. Your eyes become yellow. The pure blood on them from before... from the exaustion, from the unfairness and how much it turned your stomach, disappeared. Your blood cannot even bother nourishing you anymore. It gave up. So now, you are tired, cynnical, your body cannot resist its own urges anymore and your burned out, stressed. You then find a loved one. You tell them: "This will be difficult to talk about". At the first sentence you utter, they run away. "So... is this how its gonna be? I DONT NEED THEM ANYWAY!" So... then... the madness, the yellow greenish liquid, mixed with excessive repressed hormones and darkenss shows up in your excretion, in your tears, in the grease of your face. Then... after each subsequent and ever more frequent session of crippling indulgence, in the acid you spew out. Then... the stress becomes overwhelming. You begin having cramps in every joint, sickening pain in the gut and when you are fully consumed.... itch. Itch everywhere. The other symptoms disappear and its just... itch. So you grab your computer and download tor browser. "Good morning. How can I help you?" "How do I destroy the earth?" He gives you... plastic explosive. So then... you start by blowing up entire abandoned factories and train stations. To feel the old you go away. The advice. the support... the neglect in the end of it all, it all starts to become repulsive. Youre now... lost. I see a boy. a boy immersed in his thoughts. Thoughts of pure pleasure with no objects whatsoever. No immagination. Just... desire and excitement. As he hops around town launching and detonating explosives everywhere, he feels a surge of relief at every individual scream of panic he ears, at every broken window. at every crumbling building. As the world becomes a reflection of himself, a broken, cynical person who tried to gaze back at the void, but blinked first, as he becomes... a mountain of marbles, not quite being sure... where all of them came from.