Title: Let Me Go. (The Killers synth rock cover)
Author: Yakui the Maid.
Genre: Soft, synth wave rock with pitch altered vocals.
Type: Musical Single.
Vibe: So, you guys dont even know what happened today. I proposed to my crush. Its been a long time in the making. Always observing her, trying to get her to pay attention, falling to such unhealthy, toxic habits of obcession and stalking, liking every photo on her social media, cropping all fotos of her instagram into my PC... not to self fornicate... just to contemplate and imagine all the things we could be doing together: riding the bicycle, studying, living in my house my parents left to me when they waved their final, absolute goodbye to me... after... well that does not matter. So, I felt she could replace the void that was left, imagining her during my darkest, most voidy moments. My clearest and articulate moments. My strong moments. So many imagined conversations. So many dreams at night... where I was rejected, praised, acknowledged... where we went on adventures. She was smart, practical, pretty, wise and hard working. I loved everything about her: Her mannerisms, the way she walked... I imagined us goofing around at the beach, at home... just rotting, in the gym... her pushing me forward because I cannot stay consisted for crap, me telling her to relax, to not be so uptight... to not be so judgemental. Me, the open minded, relaxed viber. Her, the hardworking, visionary adulter. But... when I proposed her... she said: "Look. I know everything already. Ok? The stalking..." *I hitched* "... the constant, drooled staring, the poems you write in [native language] tests... they are all about me arent they? I move you forward, dont I? You admire me and almost... worship me. Sometimes that feeling gets so desperate you tease me in really dysfunctional and rude ways, all for the sake of my attention. But let me tell you: You are brave. Keeping it together as you only tell me a simple: "I love you..." uttering my full name afterwards... that is what a real man does. But... this vision you have of me... the habits... I know that is grounds you... but its not healthy. You may think its your engine. But its your crutch. So... I beg you... please... let me go. because... as we are right now... we are both doing just fine. You have your interests and projects. I have school, grades and events. I know... we compliment eachother. We have so much in common. Sports, competitiveness, streaks of mischiveousness, cleverness, a bit of a shelly side. The fact it was you, you who is adressing all of this, so proactively, albeit so hesitantly... keeping it all together... its obvious you needed to do this. So thats why you are here..." *I began crying* "Yes... cry. Cry, my dear admirer. Because it is all too much to bear for any person. Specially for someone like you: So conscious, so sensitive, so thoughtful, so effortful in all that interests you... including me. The way you find so much faith in simple things, like me, is honestly compelling. The point is: you deserve someone that understands and accomodates you, that has availability and, honestly, dedicated memory for you in their soul. But, I repeat: Look at the bright side, because, before, we were doing... just fine. So... let me go, you hopeless lover. Let, me, go. Because youre so bright... its not just me. Its both. And... let me tell you a secret: Friends can also hug... want a hug. *Me, my face a scarlet, deep red, with two thick streams of tears in both cheeks... and some nose excretion hanging... reply:" "*sniff* y- y- yes...*sob* *sob* *wheezing*" She then says: "Okay then... shhhhhh... its okay..." *As she wipes a tear of my cheek, making me flinch... moving then in for a hug... that I just... let happen. We then hug... for some 2 minutes... me crying in her shoulder... her uttering "There... there..." repeatedly. After the hug. She lets go... holds both my hands and asks me:* "Look at me. Look at my eyes" *I, begrudgingly, obey* We can be friends right?" *I nod affirmatively, saying, after a quick sob*" "Yes..." *She then... walks away. I do not see her ever again during that day... Or even the close future...*