Type: Musical Single.
Genre: Raw, slow, meditative, heavy rock. Instrumental.
Title: Pure Blood.
Author: Yowai the Maid.
Vibe: Your atmosphere... I think... you embody pure blood... the sweetness inside... the white hair... the small earrings... hinting at a subtle, reserved approach to your appearance. Your doll like, disillusioned... jaded eyes...  dark purple like alien olives... alluring like the ones of a stray fox... a hint of childhood in your movements... a hint of motherlyness to come in the ripples you leave behind. I imagine you, In a motorcycle... when you finally get a license... if you get one, Just... accelerating away, the revving, loud engine engulfing you in a mix of screams, shrieks, brutal metalic clattering and vibration, drumming, singing and crying... an emotional, meditative experience of riding the winding mountainous roads... with trees and hills on each side. The sky... clouded, with piercing bolts of light. The air... fresh with a hint of humidity... your flowing, short hair through the soft, fresh wind of a chill, spring day. Your petitte frame tightly hugging the Liter bike you are riding. An aprillia mille factory. Italian, exotic, like your soul. A world you cant even seem to get a gist of how to engage with or express outwardly. Your soft skin brushing against the leaves you fly by... glued to the gasoline powered rocket you are taming. that fall ocasionally on your head and get left behind by the sheer quickness... the soothing rising and dropping... the winding turns... the accepted struggle at pulling and turning with your weight even in the widest bends... you enjoy the turns... the rushes of excitement lighting up involuntary smiles... your bodily fluids changing directions... you... a bag of organs, water, bones, fat and meat. Your blood... a beautiful, bright red... fitting of the electric storm inside. The distant look in your eyes... a smidge of drooling at the sheer focus that you are experiencing. Calmly... you think "Keep it inside the grey blur. Keep it outside the green blur". Life passing by at a hundred miles per hour... you slowing down the heavy bike... graciously... as a deep breath escapes your lips... to then gently lean to the inside, turning using your petitte, light frame... The way you turn... swaying your skeleton, revealing a beating heart at each up shift, downshift, downshift, downshift... letting go of the gas... turning... leaning close to the tarmac... scraping on the guard rail... briefly glancing down the abyss on your right... just focused on this apex and the next... its a familiar road... youve learned to optimize... The past does not matter... only keeping your blood flowing... the adrenaline keeping your muscles tightly contracted... your body held together by your nonchalant courage at the speed... as you find a tunnel and accelerate... faster... faster... faster... 100 kph... 150... 200... 230... 240... 250... 270.... 271... 272... the engine screaming as you fly by a village... throw a deep, secluded, rural forest that covers the seemingly endless mountain range... a knife cutting straight through the heart of a remote, rustic village... in a isolated, yet cultivated landscape... of plains... and mountains. Valleys and rivers. Grand valley speedway. Its a challenge very popular for bikers around these parts. The time is 9 minutes 13 seconds. 9 minutes of constant acceleration, breaking, turning, gear shifting, melodic shouting... wind, steep drops that force you into familiarity with the abyss... You created it, by connecting the roads your parents rode the family car in... carrying you. With your new independence... in your usual quiet ways, you dont talk to them, you come to this old road. Whoever beats it will have a place in your heart. At 16, you got the bike... as you entered highschool. At 17, your newly met nerd friend from a group project  made a small website... keeping track of the times... around Grand Valley Speedway..... the inner garden you groom everyday... the place you trully call home. Your life. Your passion. Your identity. The engine screaming before the corner... just a bit more... just a bit more... your expression always the exact same... and then you see the board... downshift.. down, down, down... you lean to the left in the wide corner... gradually applying throttle... getting cheeky, though innexpressive, suddently flooring it at the exit... engaging in a slide you confidently handle... alone... on this road you always rode on... without peoples aproval... this little racetrack inside your mind. You, your bike for a body... your blood for fuel... your agile, gentle movements, your warm, detached demeanour. The kind of grace that lights up a room inside a hospital. The kind of quiet courage that is willing to give but not take. The sound an electric cloud of static and charge... powerfull... roaming the skies slowly... Your lungs feeding the intake of the big with each deep breath... as you counter steer with your light weight, self assured chassis... the rubbery skin in your tiny belly hugging the fuel tank... like you held your plushie... just 6 years ago... never imagining being here... letting the engine rest and meditate... your blood fueling the inner pipings of the engine. the fireballs from the pistons firing like the neurons in your spine, the blood in your vessels heating up at the stress, the revolutions... you... a blur of speed and tranquility. Lisa. You are... a loner.

I wrote this for my third muse... a girl that does not exist... So she looks and talks to me.