
Type: Musical Single.
Genre: Soft synth coords mixed with rock riffs. Plus a bit of a Post masturbation guilt pumped existential traincrash inside my hormonal system.
Title: Single use only.
Album: My Addiction
Author: Yakui the Maid.
Vibe: I wish guilt could kill. The vastness of the world inside my mind villed with barely anything other than pure emptiness. Soft, chilling breezes blow past a barren wasteland. After the tornado strikes, all thats left are the echoes of the screams. This city.... just died. A dead city in delirium that succumbed to detached, chaotic forces. The ghosts... the voices... the pain... the sorrow over the anxiety the lingering hope keeps to itself. Lonesome lingering hope, holding on to the hung rope. Tight... precisely head level. The cold, indifferent melancholy that courses and flows... sucking all my blood away from me... filling my eyes with the juices of guilt... creating a yellow, greenish mixture... the blood refuses to irrigate. The blood vessels cracked and crunchy... the blood a barely colored dark red. No air... no life... no energy. This cancerous mixture that flows inside my mind... a polluted river... a raw, pungent, stenchy mixture of indescribable, antibiotic tasting, yellowish foam, purple and white gunk, filled with the relentless flow of industrial waste provided by my darkest wishes... the ones plotting to drive my soul into self detonation, while bathing a soil of cadmium, lead, plastic and mercury... skittle speckled with lukewarm excitement... melancholy... despondency... dysphoria...   absurdity... the phelm that stopped flowing, the living body that stopped pulsing... the sadness that ceased... the mild, background pleasure that perserveers... the bodily will to throw up is irresistible... to throw oneself up... as there is nothing inside... the will to engage in the scourge of emotional gooning... the will to silly slice, m-word, to relinquish all control to entities that could not care less... the all consuming narcosis... the tepidness... the indifference to my brothers and sisters, the self, the ego, my dampened, flaccid skin... of my whole body... mildly cold... my eyes... no glint... my cheeks... no red... no blush... no heat. All my body feels is water and the presence of tasteless, odorless, colorless gases. Pale skin, coated with empty, wrinkled veins and a mix of baby blue, beige and faint green... What I feel is... everything... everything is nothing. nothing... is what everything is. Matter nothing ever did anyway. For my life is because of the same sensations that drove me here. But I did not generate life... I am destroying it... its what I feel... its what I am. Stabbing the corpse... hoping that more juice will surely pour out in gallons... more juice will pour out vigorously... the sensations will keep ringing bells... will keep guiding me... driving me... keeping me away from a permanent inner goodbye. Keeping me connected to the world... a world that am slowly floating away from, with each strike. The chilling, soft breeze... triggering my overstimulated, decaying, rotten corpse... full of skittles, sewage and artificial trash, overwhelming and allconsuming, is what I feel as I experience the world made of what is left... after the tornado.
So now... with my throat sore and dry from all the involuntary, pained screams from my self dissection session, I lay in bed with my spirit splattered all over the sheets, surrounded by the entirety of my body turned into wasted potential, wasted vitality and energy... a brilliant mind trying to fight for a place to stand, struggling to shout once more... but finally resigning, my glossless  finally closing shut, ready to forget today, and hopefully everything.

Cold turkey stuff wont help. I am already social. I can banter, I have no internalised fears of any human trope, I can laugh, I can make jokes... I can adjust my demeanour... but I m still hungry. My mind random RAM garbage...


After highschool ended, I kept improving... but all meaning ceased.

No. I am not fine. My soul is a clogged, yet empty toilet full of dry, acidic rejection, corroding my worn spiritual pipes into rust.

post masturbation guilt be like...
Though I am strong as... just for trying to articulate this absolute, landfill toilet flushing of a mental landscape, im already better. I feel hopeful, so much so that I even believe that... one day... one unsuspecting day where I find just the right crack to slip into and just... just enough force and courage to slip through and move forward and into it, to I shall rise from the ashes. The world better wait. Im comming... (pause) soon!

So now... as you approach me and catch me in the middle of my act, I will simply turn around, give you a gentle, warm smile with uplift body language and, in a cheerful, playful tone utter: "Hello there buddy!" Ive been here thousands of times... ill rise from the ashes. Just wait!

So... now... while I slowly fall asleep, A lingering doubt keeps hovering, a ever ethereal, flimsy ledge to climb on, that I am hoping will stay: "Can I... really pull through this time?"

I think... next time I need to cope... Ill just play some videogames...