Skoll. Skoll is a norse mythological creature. The dark wolf that represented The cultures way of portraying the shadow. Skolls mission was to reach the light before armaggedon. As I say this, a song starts playing. The song starts with peaceful, melancholic, unnaceptance. With coarse blobs of oddorless, colorless, tasteless, harmless gas flowing through ones body. Flipping switches as they pass by your mind and the different glands. Causing... a mess. Like a messy room. They are not disrespectful. They just started moving because they were born moving. Until one accepts that these blobs exist and will never go away, one will never become whole. The blobs coars through ones body. As the person faces unconfortable and jabbing defects, and undermined achievment and gratitude, the blobs keep going. But... the body adapts. The body gets out of the way and lets them flow freely. The blobs dont care about your ego. But your ego does not care about your blobs. Thats why people are flawed. But, as you embrace gratitude, playfulness, open minded contemplation and the infinite cosmos that is contained inside the jello mass in your head, you will learn to appreciate, laugh, smirk at yourself as you trip in front of your crush, as you turn in a paper too late, as you forget your wifes birth day, as you forget your friends... favourite song. Grateful at the little things, you immediatly start to understand, the big ones. As you travel the world in search of wisdom, it either finds its way to you, or you generate it within. You become grateful at your nagging parents, at your seemingly always insufficient belongings, at your seemingly meaningless achievments, at the apathic, unfair universe. At your rigid, wise grandma. You become a traveller that can stay the night, a mind that can calm down, a racer that apreciates the landscape around him, the dedicated athlete that skips training every once in a while for... 'mental health breaks'... As you travel, you absorb the universe. You absorb the blobs. You absorb... and become... yourself.
I immagine the traveller... a woman with her hips thrown into one side, a backpack held by one arm at her back with one elbow facing forward. Behind her, is the earth surrounded by the vastness of space. The woman features a side eye on her face, and a conformed smirk on her face.
I completed the self love arc. I have self love abs and v back.