Type: Musical Single
Genre: Relentless heavy rock rushing riffs
Title: Tides (Yakui the Maid)
Vibe:
Tides...


The world... is moved by tides... The tides move all around us, enveloping us, something beyond space and time... the will of god is a fluid that is between all objects. The essence of the world is time, space... and the will of god, making sure the simulation moves. The will of god moves masses, creates speech and communincation. Its the physics of the souls. Tides make you yap and me yap, some one listen and then to speak, someone kick a ball, score, run around... someone looks at them... the teacher notices and barely remembers that its class time... we already changed the future by 10 minutes... how long the teacher did not delay. then... we can go further: Then the tides affect other schools.... then those affect universities... the universities that scout talent... are gonna look at that teachers 10 minute delay, our yap and my grades and your grades... we already may have decided our future in a range of 2 years. the difference between ending up disappointed and burned out, and taking a gap year... going to college, just a bit too early... what adventures in the gap year? What adventures in college? What new friends will you find? The tides move.... and we cannot stop them. As I feel dazzled by the futility one experiences at trying to grapple with the simultaneous notion of 'control' challenged by the tides themselves and how useless it is to reconcile them, they also feel the crushing forces acting on them... pushing and pulling... like metaphysical gravity waves... warping and deforming reality... like a long... slow... winded and periodic pulse... creating cosmic sized ripples... unnavoidable causes and effects not even god himself could have predicted. Not evem god thought could be possible... even before releasing his human spawn into the planet of earth... and all the other lifeforms to their respective cosmic bodies... as all sentient life feels the integrity of their reality relentlessly stress tested, creeking... groaning under the tension... bending... stretching... flipping... compressing... relaxing... like a heartbeat of incomprehensible dimensions... that no object contained within the grasp of its influence could ever begin to challenge... like an old door of a massive church... opening... and closing....with deafening groans that would stun even the most durable life forms unconscious at the slightest bit of exposure.