"Its been a tough day. Ive bantered with the people at the pits. Its time for more testing. I roll the car out of the pits. I close the door of my room and start studying. I put on the cheffs hat and get to mixing. As I focus on each step, on each detail, on each external feedback I get for each action, My brain glows hotter. As I speed up through hair pins and work on some rough movement, my levels of prowess return to normal. I start dreaming about nothing in particular. My movements through straights are less adjusty. I let go of the steering wheel to adjust me pants, as I prepare to cross the finish line for a flying lap. I now look at the road, at the stripes that fly towards me, the wind on my face, the rattling roll cage and the hot, plastic cockpit rattling. The 2pm sky with clouds and a gentle breeze envelops me, As the mountain bike strech becomes more obstacle rich and hard to follow correctly, yet, my focus remains steady. As my emotions rise, the stakes climb and my heart rate bumps up, little by little, my legs smash the ground in fury and the calm sense of banter has already left me. As I sweep left and right, through every corner, feeling the delayed reaction from my weight, the force required... every sensation, the feeback, the sudden strikes and landings, the dirt that shoots at my torso,... and as I stirr the bowl and focus on the ingredient ammounts, My arithmetic gets better and my proofs go smoother. As My car winces in pain I scream internally: "COME ON! GO! GO!". As I approach another hairpin, yet still far away, my focus is on maintnance. While I am on a big straight, I feel my car speed up exponentially, the world growing blurrier and the walls closer and thinner. as the car's weight fights my arms on the steering wheel, I see the road curling. I briefly contemplate the world:  The green blur with the smell of forest and polen around me, the sneeze that does not come out, the raging wind noise I try to ignore, the car... is it propely assembled? is my feedback helping? As I think of possibilities and outcoms, I look for the right tree... *Not there yet...* As the cockpit shakes violently. *Not there yet...* as the engine screams in pain. *Not there yet...* as I contemplate all the adversity I went through to get here. I brake. *brake brake brake brake brake brake!* *down shift! down shift! down shift!* I then keep my cool, roll the car to the right and speed up again. Eventually, I get to the finish line. the result? "it was slightly worse... than before... we registered everything. good job. go get some water. Well go again in 20 minutes. Go have lunch."
Its not hopeful. Its not hopeless. somewhere in the limbo.
Just... that pragmatic doubt... not in self deprecation, but genuine curiosity and a bit of stoic reflection "Will it work? As I approach the corner... have I done everything?"